1

Beautifully fitted and the fabric is nice and stretchy and quality is good. Very happy with the item and description described.

2

Loved the "authentic" product and loved the speed at which it arrived 😀 I especially loved the detailing as it separates itself from a typical henley.

3

Authentic products

4

Ordered Lanvin shoes, great price, great service and when the shoes showed they were in perfect condition

5

My first time shopping with you but your seem to be the best !!!!! And I am looking forward to shop with you in the future.

6

Fast delivery - even during Xmas, during covid!

7

Great selections, fast shipping and easy to process return.

8

Package arrived ahead of the schedule. Seamless delivery by dhl. Shoes were nicely packaged. I ordered a 39 since 38.5 was not an option. Runs a bit big, I will use half insoles. Looking forward to wear them once the weather turns. It’s all about snow boots now :)

9

Love the quality items and fast delivery!

10

A smooth experience buying an item in my size which I couldn’t find elsewhere

11

Perfect product and seriously quick delivery.

12

I love Farfetch! It’s where I get awesome designer clothing. Their service and selection are excellent!

13

Thank you for your interest

14

VERY NICE AND FAST SHIPPING

15

Good service beyond my expectation.

16

Earings are beautiful. They came super fast too. They seem a bit heavy, but, hey…. I wanted padlocks on my ears! Love them!

17

As always, perfect quality and perfect customer service!

18

Quick delivery.I’m obsessed.I love Farfetch

19

I shop regularly at Farfetch. Actually, Farfetch is a frontend for many boutiques, not one big warehouse. Every time I got what I ordered, from all kind of shops around the world. Sometimes things did not fit or I ordered thing in two sizes to try ihrem out. All these returns worked seamlessly. I even had one guarantee claim, where a shoe broke after one moth. Also this was  handled and I got my money back. I can only recommend this shop.

20

Farfetch delivered my most recent order on time and in perfect condition.

21

fast, before estimated date

22

Great selection and price value. Fast shipping.

23

Everything was great and the delivery was very fast.

24

Great shopping experience. Received shipment right on time. Nothing to complain!

25

Alway well-organized with fast delivery.I am speechless!

26

Fast shipping good quality… very satisfied. Came to Slowenia in just 4 days 😬

27

Farfetch has the most unique items across the globe! I’ve ordered shoes From Spain dresses from Italy that you cannot get in the United States. Their choice of items is limitless and their customer service is fantastic. Will continue to order from them over anc over again!

28

easy ordering . delivered when they say it will

29

Your company is amazing! Although we have a very bad experience with my wife on your delivery partner DHL, my wife experience a very ill mannered employee of DHL through the phone, me I experienced a problem with my custom duties which i already paid in advance through DHL payment apps, it seems that the payment was not properly coordinated with their local delivery partner, to the extent that DHL’s courier demanded payment of custom duties and as a result the merchandise was not delivered on the same day, soo frustrating! as the same should still be given to someone as special gift. I hope that the incident be investigated. Thank you.

30

I received the order so quickly :)Thank You

31

excellent job filling, tracking, delivery and returns.

32

The best Christmas gift, im in love

33

Exactly what i have ordered, nicely packed. express delivery! PERFECT!

34

Great and trust web site

35

Good shopping experience so far - quick  Shipment and easy return.

36

Love the service and how quick my packages came beautiful

37

My experience was absolutely amazing. On time great price exceeds my expectations.

38

I really love how fast and secure the delivery was, I’ll always shop from Farfetch, thanks a lot

39

A very nice experience shopping with Farfetch.com.

40

Packing in good condition with fast delivery. Happy to get it before Christmas!

41

Super fast and reliable service. Thank you.

42

Perfect… I love Farfetch

43

Love the products, service and speedy delivery!

44

Absolutely thrilled with my purchase. The best value I could find, efficient delivery on a designated day. I'll certainly be back to order again! Can't fault any of my experience!

45

I love receiving my Farfetch packages, my item is always as described, well wrapped and beautifully presented.  My item arrived within the suggested time frame. Very happy, yet again.

46

I love them and shipping was wayyyyyy faster than expected

47

Easy toby, very good price and delivery in not very long time.!I love Farfetch!!!

48

I love creoles, these are just perfect.

49

Always the best words for Farfetch! The order came extremely fast, was as described, always a pleasure to shop with you, guys!

50

Great service, fast delivery and accurate tracking method, with a very competitive price.

51

Great! I dont have anything bad to say. My orders came sooner than i expected. I’m fully satisfied, the packaging was perfect and the products without any flaw. I will definitely order again soon!

52

Quick delivery. Fantastic shawl.Everything perfect !

53

Amazing. I bought sunglasses and everything was perfectly smooth: fast shipping, packaging, and communication. Product was the same as described. Love it

54

Fast shipment, very good services, everything on point!

55

Order was delivered in 8 days, package presentation was what you would expect from price point. I was having a really hard time finding shoe in the size that I needed. I would absolutely order from FF again under the same circumstances. Thanks for the super quick shipment.

56

Cool outstanding

57

Easy to purchase, quick delivery, product is exactly what I expected. 10/10

58

It's amazing to receive the order within 3 days. The color and the size of the bag are exactly what I expected from the internet.

59

Quick delivery, good prices, overall happy with the services they provide.

60

My order got delivered way ahead the given schedule.. Excellent service. 😊

61

I received the goods really fast.However, the size was not detailed enough and I couldn’t fit the size that I ordered for the dress

62

at first I was skeptical - but I am honestly so impressed - my yeezys were shipped quickly and arrived 4 days earlier than expected - thank you farfetch! super convenient - will buy again in the future

63

Great for any inconvenience, super fast to solve anything and helping for retur information!

64

Shopping is always agood idea with you…keep it up👍

65

Fast and accurate, and products are exactly as described.  High quality experience.Will use again.

66

It was such a nice experience with Farfetch site, the product I have received was as expected and shipping was super fast 👍

67

I have shopped at Farfetch for years. There is no better site for global boutique shopping. It is such an easy process to purchase, receive and return if needed. The selection is outstanding and I like the promotions I've taken advantage of in 2021.

68

Fast delivery in love with my product

69

Great customer experience! Perfect price, perfect delivery and customer notification!

70

I have always had really positive experiences with FarFetch, hence why I am a repeat customer (and have part of their Platinum membership tier). The ability to shop from boutiques all over the world provides a huge variety of products at different price points and FarFetch make the shopping process easy and stress free. Every time I contact their customer service division the FarFetch staff go out of their way to assist me with any queries or assistance I need. I would highly recommend FarFetch to anyone.

71

Super fast delivery.. great experience.

72

Farfetch is the most incomparable retail online site I’ve ever used.  Purchasing and returns are seamless and simple.  This is a fabulous site.

73

Efficient shipment, the clothes quality are fabulous!

74

Super love it, it was shipped on the right time, the package was secure .

75

I love my items. Had no issue. Will use again.

76

These boots are so gorgeous and unique!! Came beautifully wrapped and in a timely fashion. Highly recommend!!

77

Another great transaction. Great product and price with extremely fast shipping. Simply perfect. Thanks a lot Farfetch.

78

After making 3 times order i finally received the right product. First time sender shipped wrong number, second time i ordered wrong number, but the third one all has been right. All the way i returned the items with no cost for me and i received immediate refund after delivery. This is something that i value the most. I will shop for sure further with you! Happy holidays!Biljana

79

Perfect experience- even with delays- everything was pretty clear and easy and Farfetch customer service answered question quickly. The store my shoes came from ( Dolci Trame) packaged the box great and added a little decoration to make it feel personal- so Nice! And of course I loved the shoes!

80

The products was in perfect condition and fast delivery. Overall great experience.

81

Quick shipment, no bull sh**, 4real

82

Finding a pair of Golden Goose in my size IN STOCK has been hard but Farfetch had a huge selection. Ordering was easy & since an international shipped item, they kept me in the loop until they arrived at my home.

83

Cheapest than other websites.Fastest delivery.

84

Thank FARFETCH for the fast service.

85

It is Great!!

86

good quality, delivery is very fast, good services

87

So happy with my purchase.  Quality product, great value and really fast delivery!  Will be a frequent buyer.  Saved so much money using this website

88

Got my shoes today, and love them! Absolutely niiiccceee! Fits perfectly!Thank you!

89

This is my first time shopping on Farfetch and I had the most amazing experience. Such a quick turn around. Will certainly recommend to friends.

90

Wonderful shopping experience and quick delivery.I loved opening my package, it was beautifully wrapped. Thank you!!

91

Excellent service, quick and efficient. Great savings, would highly recommend and will definitely use again.

92

As the title said, I had very positive experience with FARFETCH. Customer service is quick and polite, everyone goes extra mile to help you instead of just pushing you to buying. Shipping was quick, all the details about custom clearly stated (that is the matter tripping many companies).Product I received, small black RED Valentino dress is just lovely!If I could change one thing, I would try to include taxes and duty charges in the online payment (for more counties, in my case Serbia), that would be so much more comfortable for user, less hustle. Overall all just positives, no negatives! Keep the good work.

93

Excellent and extremely fast delivery. Excellent item!!

94

Everything was fine, took a week until the bag arrived, original packing

95

Everything was perfect!!! Super fast and accurate. Thanks!!! I'll shop again soon.

96

Excellent shopping experience! Quick and trustworthy delivery!

97

Farfetch is most trustworthy website for buying genuine designer brands, as I am already private client tier which is highest tier in Farfetch, the returns and refunds are very easy for me. Also customer service is topnotch and very helpful.. It's best website to buy your own personal fashion items..

98

Nice bag. Fast shipping 😊

99

Fast order, Fast shipping. Great Service.

100

First time I have ordered with Farfetch so easy to order, my  estimated delivery was 22 December but to my surprise it was delivered on the 15th December. I’m in Australia and order was coming from overseas I ordered 10th December.  Very happy as it is a Christmas present and happy with the product. I will definitely order again.

101

Fast shipping!My shoes and the box in excellent condition!!

102

This is the first time for me to buy from online and it is a great experience and I am happy with my order and your application services specially I get my order with few days also I appreciate your quick response to my inquiry.

103

As always great service. Product was delivered within 2 days!

104

Thank you very much for your help that you send me something I wanted a lot!!!

105

This store is great! Everything was packed perfectly, neat, ..unlike some previous experience. I would recommend it

106

Farfetch is always reliable, they have never disappointed. not once.

107

Farfetch never disappoints! Fast delivery, great sales. I am a private client and my SA Michelle is AMAZING!

108

Shipping took longer than normal, but I'm very happy with my purchase and it arrived in perfect condition with impeccable packaging!

109

I enjoyed the service I got from the people I have spoken to about my order I do have a few more questions but I’ll probably leave that for my next order but overall 9/10 probably the delay but idk if that’s really farfetch’s fault I always recommend this app to my friends and family

110

i love it . so very nice

111

Packed great good quality looking forward to wearing

112

Super fast delivery. Excellent.

113

Beautiful pair of jeans, immediate dispatch, very friendly price. Thanks a lot!!

114

My dress arrived perfectly wrapped and within a couple of days! This is my first purchase with far-fetched and not only was delivery free but I’m so impressed with the speed especially at this time of year.

115

Rediculous quick delivery and item exactly as orded.

116

Fast delivery, easy to use website!

117

As usual my purchase arrived neatly and securely packaged. Always a good experience shopping through Farfetch and would highly recommend them.

118

I would have loved to brow a broad range of merchandise from more top fashion houses/designers. Nonetheless, FarFetch is the place to seek out fashionable wares. Prices are competitive especially when shipping charges are waived. Delivery is timely. And that is always a plus. Perhaps there could be an attractive “FarFetch” parcel box that comes with the purchase.

119

I can't believe how quickly I got the item and they are amazing great product and service

120

Was surprised how quickly I received a package from overseas and the item and fit was exactly as described.

121

Delivered from Lithuania to Austraila in 5 days - great service.

122

Everything was simple and fast. I got some great savings as well.

123

Great prices and offers! Easy to navigate website and fast checkout process. Plus express shipping! Simply perfect!!!

124

Express delivery. Fine jewelry delivered in secured packaging & in great condition like in the web images.

125

My order arrived sooner than expected.  My handbag arrived in excellent conditions.  Thank you FF!!!

126

Very fast shipping, item true to description. Perfect service.

127

A beautiful site, easy to navigate, great products selection and a great customer service.Thank you Farfetch.

128

I absolutely love this bejeweled cutie and the item arrived quickly and seamlessly ! Farfetch has the best of the best!

129

Like it very much!

130

Shopping through fare fetch is an amazing experience

131

Very good experience to shop

132

Good choice Very good productVery happy

133

Amazing service as usual, item arrived faster than expected

134

Brilliant shopping experience.Receive very quick.

135

Everything is perfect! Comgratulations!

136

My first and not last Prada handbag, and of course, Farfetch made the entire purchasing process seamless.

137

Shipping was quick with reminders of when product was coming. I love my bag so much! In PERFECT condition!

138

Excellent service, shipping really fast.

139

Perfect shopping

140

Everything was perfect

141

Thank you for the huge selection and quick delivery!

142

I am very happy buying on the Farfetch website. Easy to use, and goods arrive very fast, and in good condition.

143

Love Farfetch for their amazing customer service and variety of brands and products. Only sometimes some brands are high over RRP which I will never be happy to pay.

144

Great experience! Wonderful!!

145

I received my package in just one day from UK to Canada!So quick!

146

This is a present for a friend.If the size is right , then this is perfect.Thank you

147

Super fast! Thank you

148

The delivery speed is very fast, the quality is very high, and there are many choices.

149

Great merchandise, got it faster than I thought, great communication via email and tracking!

150

Ordered Sunday evening and received by DHL Tuesday late morning. An irreproachable product and fast service. Magnificent. But even if your price of 154 (shirt) + 18 € for shipping was particularly interesting, the pleasure is still a little tarnished in Martinique by the high customs fees / taxes. For this shipment it was 61 €.

151

Quick and Easy.. first time using Farfetch

152

I will Stunned to receive my order in two days!!

153

Shipping was delivered quickly even ahead of the scheduled delivery date. I love the quality of my bag. It is practically brand new.

154

Very fast delivery Item as described on the website.Thank you

155

Good and varied selection. Fast delivery especially since it's overseas and Christmas time.

156

The purse was shipped timely and product was in perfect condition.

157

Very fast delivery.  And the item is in excellent condition, considering the distance it travelled.

158

Authentic. Well packaged. Goods were in excellent condition when received and unpacked. I have been wanting this item for so long and it was pricey where I live. Good thing I knew about Farfetch and decided to order from them after I checked if they were legit. So glad I did!

159

Fantastic quality and comfort.  Love Tom Ford sneakers.  True to size fit.

160

Great promotion for these Tom Ford jeans; that is the reason I purchased them. They do run big to size though, on Farfetch it said they ran true to size; nonetheless, I liked them so much I kept them! Great price, prompt delivery. Thank you, Farfetch!

161

World would be a better place if there were more online retailers like Farfetch. Good selection, fast, reliable, great customer service. What’s not to like.

162

the shipment was fine and delivered very quickly

163

Farfetch are great. Didn’t like boots so am returning

164

Fast delivery, good quality. Will order again.

165

Super fast delivery! Thank you

166

Very efficient service. I received my order submitted on 26Nov practically right after I placed my orders. Thank you.

167

Fast Shipment, Flexible Delivery date / time options, good quality products

168

Great site, great selection, great prices

169

i'm totally satisfied! loved the item.

170

Great experience! Super happy with my purchase, the shipping and the delivery! Would definitely order from Farfetch again! Keep up the good work!

171

I have been ordering for Far-fetched for years. Best site, easy to return items if they don't fit. Never had an item damaged, I'll shop her first, before heading to other sites

172

Wow its was very fast Thanks😀

173

Very good i like it

174

Shipping fast, good pack, nice shopping experience!

175

I really like buying from this site, it's reputable and easy to return items.they come to my house for pick up items,very convenient!

176

Exactly what I ordered and delivered quickly!

177

The service is up to the level of products you're selling. Excellent service!

178

Tried on my jeans,fit like a glove..good business,glad i tried on my size at the mall so it was perfect & I GOT THEM ON SALEEE!!!5 STARS

179

Addictive to do shoppin on line via farfetch . Also deivey  is superfast . Superb service of courrier

180

Fast shipping, nice wrapping. Very pleased as always!

181

Delivery was quick and everything on time

182

My experience with Ferfetch is great by far. Also customer service was always friendly and helpful . I recommend it with all my heart.

183

Super! Fast & everything us promised! I highly recommend it!

184

Excellent service! Quick delivery and great packaging ! Great site, easy to navigate! Amazing experience !

185

Many thanks..

186

BEST REALITED STOR EVER .FAST SHIPPING AND EASY REATERNE

187

These are beautiful and very classy sandals. Beautiful colour and very comfortable I am very happy &satisfied with my purchase They came in very beautiful package. Farfetch is my favourite online boutique I will definitely shop more in future ✌️

188

Easy ordering, fast delivery, accurate order tracking

189

I received my delivery a week before I was expecting it!

190

Fast, efficient and exactly what I ordered

191

Love my experiences on shopping in Farfetch!Farfetch will never fail my mood on every shopping moments.Keep it up 👍🏼

192

Great service, arrived very quickly. No hassle

193

Very quick and easy.The product looks like high level.🤩Thanks. 🙌

194

Always a pleasure shopping with Farfetch. 🤗

195

Very detailed information was provided to help me assess the sweater I bought. Firstly, a number of photos, some close up, to help determine appearance, quality and fit, which is very important. And what really impressed me was that the model's measurements were included and what size of the garment he was wearing. This really helped a lot. Also, the weight of the fabric was mentioned. A very well thought out and thorough presentation. And once I made my purchase everything went smoothly. No problems. Farfetch is by far head and shoulders above the rest.

196

Oerfect service

197

well packed and fast delivery

198

So pleased with the online shopping experience.

199

I am very satisfied with the handling and the article

200

Shipping was too fast and sweatshirt is lovely.

201

Very satisfied on the quality and prompt delivery of products

202

Found Vest on their website that I wanted for some time and it was only place where it was discounted, because its in high demand you can't find it on discount often but was lucky I found it here, I am happy I got it for around 40 euro cheaper but sadly had to give around 16 euro for delivery aswell, it was coming from Singapore so I guess its ok price sence its coming from there. All in all, vest came brand new with all tags and in original paper, doesn't look like it was ever tryed on. Thank you for the service and quick enough delivery.

203

My order came on time. Farfetch never disappoints! Thank you so much.

204

Ultra fast delivery. Item as described. Thanks

205

Great buy...beautiful comfy pair of boots

206

all was smooth and how expected. the item arrived in good condition. good service.

207

It’s little bit big but i love the finishing and design highly recommended

208

arrived in 2 days.  Great service

209

It's the first time I place an order and everything went perfect, the items , the international delivery time, the package.. everything

210

Quick and easy to follow guides. Hustle free purchase

211

Very quick and efficient,absolutely recommended

212

Great UI of both web and app interface which is very easy to browse and shop. Great delivery and packaging as well. Overall it is a wonderful experience!

213

Very pleased with service

214

Fast delivery received in good condition.

215

I have been shopping online for designer items as the availabilities of such items are limited in Australia. My shopping experiences have been great with Farfetch - clear descriptions, best stock availabilities, simple return process just to name a few. I could not be happier and highly recommend Farfetch to anyone who wishes to have a trouble-free shopping process.

216

Excellent service in delivery and quality, as always.

217

love them , the fit and color ! fast delivery

218

easy to navigate. fast delivery.

219

Loved it! Great price, quality and service

220

Wonderful shopping experience on Farfetch.

221

Love farfetch, they have great customer service and I get my packages on time.

222

Excellent service all the time And quality products

223

Wallet arrived in excellent condition and shipping was quick.

224

The item that I ordered is awesome. My son will love it!

225

Amazing service. Hassle free and fast

226

Farfetch is always a pleasure to deal with and my items arrived before the expected date which was amazing!!

227

Fast delivery! No import duty fees… already included in price! Item was in perfect condition when I received it.

228

It was great experience online shopping from Farfetch, my order was the same quality and colr and designed what I’ve seen on site . Now I order another bag :) Safe and fast

229

Rapid dispatch of clothing, descriptions + sizing perfect.

230

Wow wow its osam

231

Hello there From Singapore just receive my MSGM t shirts I’m so happy the way they pack safe & beautiful I I trust Farfetch will continue to purchase this website I found the price worth it than u Farfetch

232

Fast shipping! My Chloe bag arrived in great condition and came with an authenticity card. Still can’t believe that I saved about $500 by purchasing it on Farfetch!!

233

Mannnn love the service and the selection I will order from here again most definitely

234

Fast delivery amazing

235

Such a quick delivery. Very happy.

236

A great experience! fast delivery! the product looks the same as in the pictures!

237

Impressed with the quick shipping delivery. Ordered Wednesday morning and came on the following day. Will definitely recommend.

238

Fast delivery, good service.

239

As always Excellent service. 💯💯💯

240

Fast delivery n user friendly online fulfilment.

241

AmazingLoved the shoes, and it arrived very quickly. Im super happy.

242

My order came earlier than i expacted so i’m really happy about it.

243

This is the first time that I order online from farfetch I can say it was a great experience , very fast and the shipment was received early . I will recommend to all friends

244

Huge global range of luxury brands, fast delivery, attentive customer service. So much better than its competitors.

245

Great product very happy very fast delivery definitely buy again

246

Definitely will continue shopping with you . Happy with my shoes . Thanks so much !!!

247

Always great choice and service. Delivery is prompt and reliable.

248

Great service, great hat love it , will buy more gear from this comp. Thanks I C

249

I’m so in love and happy with the fast shipping

250

It was really good I liked it

251

Always a pleasure to order through Farfetch . . . great experience from purchase to delivery!

252

Excellent service.

253

Best selection, fast delivery!

254

Perfect,flexible pricing and express delivery

255

instant dispatch, thanks!

256

Awesome service. Thank you.

257

Amazing packaging and love the product !!!!

258

Absolutely fantastic company! Order placed Tuesday 9/11 - item despatched from New York the same day - regular updates on delivery status - delivered to my address in London on Friday 12/11!  Item perfectly packaged and exactly what I wanted! Thank-you FarFetch - will use again 👌🏻⭐️

259

Fast delivery, nicely packed. Great service 😊

260

Buying experience super easy, product info complete, fast shipping, item in good conditions, products with quality.

261

I have had a very wonderful experience with Farfetch. I have also enjoyed my favourate brands.

262

Always purchase from you guys, love your wide range of designer categories and items. Would definitely recommend.

263

It’s always a wonderful experience shopping with Farfetch, but the package was not what I expected the box was in a bad shape. Thank goodness my vase didn’t break.

264

Fast shipping. All taxes included in the price. Refunds are processed much faster than in other shopping sites.

265

Nice delivery

266

Very good :)and fast delivery

267

Very happy to enjoy the special offer price, nice bags

268

Easy place order,  quick service,  good mechandise, good price.I will definitely order again.

269

Clockwork A2Z

270

Quick service and careful shipment

271

The best ever

272

Good experience with this company. The order arrived as planned.

273

I took opportunity of the singles sale offer which offered a good discount on the Ferragamo shoe which I've been eyeing on for some time and my shoe arrived within a week from when i placed the order.

274

I would like to rate 10 stars! So professional and classy, this is not my first order and will not be the last.

275

Good design, adjustable belt, smaller than expected but works ok

276

Delivered promptly and followed instructions perfectly

277

Boots came during the estimated time and they are exactly what I expected. Very pleased with my overall experience.

278

Fast delivery and a great selection of handbags.

279

Easy and fast online shopping experience! Received my order in excellent condition…thank you!

280

very well packed. and delivered 1 day ahead than expected.

281

Very happy with

282

Very fast delivery, and the shoes are amazing

283

Thanks delivery in couple of days service up till home very satisfied..

284

I like this site I order my bag and within four day’s I receive it I’m a regular customer in this site because I trust it 🙏💕

285

Farfetch website and service are outstanding. The disappointment I have is that the Fabiana Philippi and Dexterior garments that I purchased in size 42, my normal size in both labels, are huge. It should state that they are over sized design . You cannot tell on photo. Very upsetting. Have to send back.

286

Best authentic websit

287

Impressed with the service: quick turn around in processing, shipping, clearance and delivery, plus an eco-friendly packaging.

288

Great website , great and faster shipper , but the price is the highest compering any site

289

Stunning top and super fast delivery to Australia

290

Quick services! Very well informed until packages reach the door step

291

Perfect!Ordered Air Jordan 1 sneakers, it was delivered in timely manner, product is high quality.

292

I've bought from Farfetch before and was fairly pleased with the services provided, glad to say that this order falls under the same category. It's very easy to purchase via a quite a few payment options, the item got shipped fairly quick and even arrived before the date DHL originally estimated.Will definitely buy from this site again.Also thanks to Michele Franzese Moda who was the Farfetch seller on the item, it was really nicely taken care of and properly packaged.

293

Fast and safe delivery.Shoes came in excellent condition

294

Delivery on time, packed with carefulness, the perfect shoes I was looking for. Thank you very much!!

295

Came on time, less than one week after order. Updates on shipping times and locations and 100% authentic quality designer brands. Very pleased

296

All it’s ok.Buy again

297

I loved my bag. Good delivery time.

298

Great selection of my favorite brands lesser known in the US

299

Quick delivery, item description as what I got, very pleased with my purchases

300

Perfect service and absolute fast delivery.Thank you.

301

fast delivery and product in good condition!

302

Excellent service. First class delivery. Wouldn’t hesitate using Farfetch  again!

303

Coming from Europe, the item came quite quickly to the U.S. The item is awesome and I was pleasantly surprised the item came in a nice satin bag. Will purchase again.

304

First time shopping on Farfetch and won't be my last. Great selection across all luxury brands and fast shipping!

305

The website was easy to use and the shipping was fast!

306

really good product and the fastest shipping

307

The shoes arrived on time and with an excellent and safe package.

308

Great delivery, notifications when items are back in stock, easy and quick returns policy

309

ordered a pair of balenciaga's and received them a few day's after really happy with all my purchases with farfetch will use again.

310

Good service on time

311

My experience with farfetch has been great and I am a returning customer. My items are shipped on a timely manner.

312

🙏🙏🙏 very nince experience

313

Transaction was smooth. Received our order in 5 days!! That’s really good! Will definitely shop with Farfetch again! 🙂

314

Farfetch is a really amazing service - global, timely shipping of hard to find designer items from all over the world. I was especially impressed with the courier pickup returns and how quickly items arrived from overseas. I love this site!

315

Super fast delivery! Thank you.

316

Order arrived very quickly. I order it and in the next two days it arrived so happy just in time for baby boys first birthday party!!

317

Very easy website and delivery to Ireland in 4 days

318

Good selection of designer brands and styles.  Prompt delivery.  Good shopping experience!  I will be buying from Farfetch again!

319

I absolutely love my new bag. The quality really exceeded my expectations. This is my first Valentino bag, but it won’t be my last. The strap is extremely comfortable. I’m very happy with my purchase. Bag was packed well and arrived fast. I like it that FarFetch communicated with me throughout the entire process of receiving my bag.

320

The shoes I wanted were sold out locally but I was able to find them on Farfetch for a competitive price.  Very happy with my order and will definitely use again.

321

Excellent shopping experience

322

I knew it was a famous platform but I was scared due to catastrophic reviews here… My experience is 10/10. Order a pair of Stuart Weitzman boots, didn’t check the material.. received them after 2 days of the orders, sent them back (due to the material I didn’t check) and received my refund in 2 days. Customers service ALWAYS available. I am going to repurchase them on Farfetch immediately in the material I wanted originally and generally going to buy on Farfetch Over and over again.

323

I received my Dolce & Gabbana Large Devotion bag today. The bag go with box ,dust bag ,  authentic card   The leather is so soft and I feel comfortable when I wear this bag. I like it a lot. I recommend this bag. Shipping is fast. I will order more from Farfetch.

324

Bag I bought was already sold so initially they just refunded me 20 minutes after purchase, was quite annoyed at that. A few hours later I received an email saying they found my bag elsewhere and were sending it express post. I was very pleased as the bag was a bargain and the same one they sourced was much more expensive. Farfetch said don’t worry about the price difference and if it was less I would be refunded the difference. Such a great outcome as I really wanted this bag.

325

Great service, great product

326

Awesome thank u

327

Purchased many clothing off this site , delivery is standard unless you pay for next day delivery , comes well packaged.

328

While the offer to redeem 10% was denied, the company worked w me to enhance shipping. Item is a beautiful gift.

329

arrived on time! good job!

330

Really quick and always stays in contact with you to tell you exactly where your product is going and when it will arrive

331

I received  my boots in a very timely manner, which I appreciate very much1

332

Easy smooth transaction from start to finish. I brought a belt but wasn’t sure of the sizing. Ordered a Valentino belt arrived from Browns Fashion Boutique which didn’t realise until after, paid £11 delivery, quite expensive. The belt  arrived quickly but was way to big. So return, super easy DHL process! Would definitely buy from farfetch again. This is first time. Brought from them couple years ago. Was good experience. And received my refund quickly too, though I paid through PayPal, so might be reason why it was quicker

333

Highly satisfied with the level of customer service.

334

Great Prices Always Receive Items With No Issues.

335

Delivery was fast without customs problems. The pullover was in excellent condition and exactly what was wanted.

336

I love how fast i got my purchase however i wish the bag contained the plastic bag for the brand

337

I loved the speed of delivery, the ease of ordering, and the service provided, thank you

338

The virtual experience went really well through my concierge stylist Lauren! I received the specially sourced item very quickly!!

339

It was such a great experience, the item arrived promptly and in good condition. It was well-packaged. I wish I would’ve used a discount code in this purchase since it’s my third time ordering from your website and I believe it would be a nice gesture to provide your clients such discount codes when they order more than once.

340

It’s perfect, thanks a lot, I will take a look to find the next think that I will like to buy!!!

341

Fast Delivery but I have still one package not delivered but overall the best and fast delivery.

342

excellent delivery time, good price...I will shop here again!

343

Fast quick service and delivery.  Friendly and efficient customer care.

344

Great range of products, shipped super quick! Thanks 🔥

345

Farfetch is great! DHL is the fastest. FedEx is often delayed.

346

The bad is beautiful. Shipping was on time and well packaged!

347

Excellent, the delivery is incredible, took 4 days from UK to Asia.

348

Excellent online store, genuine products, good quality, fast delivery, good customer service, fast sales quicker than high street and reasonable prices.

349

Super fast shipping! Thank you from Canada :)

350

Fast, accurate! Superb.

351

Satisfied and on time delivery

352

Excellent service, and such delightful packaging ! thank you

353

The best experience! I just love Farfetched!

354

I RECEIVED MY ORDER AND I LOVE IT SO MUCH! I AM ALSO GLAD AND THAT I FOLLOW MY MIND AND TOOK THE XS IN THE DRESS BECAUSE IT FITS PERFECTLY FINE THE WAY I WANTED IT. NOW I AM PATIENTLY WAITING FOR MY BIRTHDAY TO DOLL UP AND STEP OUT💗

355

I needed the order ASAP . I contacted Farfetch and they assisted with the express shipping. Thanks

356

Great experience and fast delivery I loved it

357

Perfect no complaints, Shipement received as expected with live tracking DHL 😍Moved here from SHOPBOP. Kim Fleissher of shopbop has failed in delivering their promise of guaranteed shipping 2-4 days.

358

Packages always arrives on time and intact.

359

Fast delivery and i love the request return pick up

360

Wish the sneakers were cheaper.They arrived very quickly.everything was very easy with your company.I am talking about the Marc Jakobs Jogger sneaker.

361

This was by far the easiest online transaction for buying and shipping overseas. The transaction was incredibly Fast and smooth. As promised, all duties and taxes and brokerage were covered by Farfetch - there were no surprises upon delivery. Plus my item arrived two days earlier than anticipated. And the card case I bought is beautiful and much less than buying retail.

362

Soft and comfortable. Great fit. Love it

363

It took longer than expected. I know it’s due to Iraq complicated processes. I’m so happy with my first order

364

No troubles plus fast delivery with updates about a package

365

One of the most trustworthy fashion online shopping websites. Fast shipping, easy returns and clean packaging!

366

Very fast and comfortable experience while shopping online. Models wearing the items are a valuable tool to understand the real size and colour of each item.

367

Dsquared jeans are great. Farfetch finds me the right things.

368

Excellent service and shipping accommodations

369

Everything I get from here is always great and on time even sometimes earlier which is better!!

370

I just received my Doc Martens boots. I wanted to say thank you for the fast delivery and perfect customer service. My Sinclair are true to size and I’m sooo thrilled to wear them!  Thank you once again Farfetch!

371

Short time deliveryb.Goods excellent

372

Fast, in perfect order with an extra nice clothes bag recieved😍🤗

373

It was all perfect was delivered much sooner then expected! Love it.

374

My package arrived so fast! Great experience.

375

The order was quicker than expected. And the quality is amazing

376

Transaction went smoothly as expected. Farfetch offer quality items which is part of their standard. I've purchased items from Farfetch before and have never been disappointed. Highly recommended.

377

best website.. great service and a fast delivery