The delivery service was fantastic and…

The delivery service was fantastic and I have no complaints. However, I'm disappointed that this items is labeled as a US size 4, but it fits like a size 0 and it's not returnable. Now I'm the proud owner of an item that isn't even close to fitting me. The size was misleading as I'm slender and size 4 actually runs a bit wide on me. This is not a US size 4 by any means.

Defective shoe

I’m really upset about my order. I really dont know why they did not check the product before send me. The orange labels of the off white shoe’ came ripped off…

Good choice but disappointed with service

Has a good selection of designer brands but I am very dissatisfied with the service. I have been waiting for weeks for an item to be dispatched. Customer support only informed me that there is a delay and they have no idea what's taking their partner so long to dispatch. I understand that it is the Christmas period, however, I ordered all the way back on the 3rd, well in advance so I expected a decent time frame to receive my order. For it to take weeks for the item to simply dispatch is ridiculous. To make matters worse, I have sent several emails and only one has been responded to.

I’m not happy with my order because it is not complete

I’m not happy with my order because it was a belted jacket but it was delivered without the belt.

the product came good

the product came good but i not will back to buy baceuse u didnt told me the SHIPPING you take is from DHL EXPRESS and its cost a more money. i am so disappointed ! and they did a lot of problems with their service . !!

Again defective

I have just received my beloved handbags, but they are all defective, but not as much as the last order. I don't want to waste time, so I accept the goods as usual; However, I hope your company can pay attention to the quality inspection.

Disappointed with presentation

Disappointed with presentation, just a Marc Jacobs bag in a plastic bag.. it is for a gift and I was expecting at least a dust bag

Beautiful product but not my size

Beautiful product. But not my size 9.5 and I am looking for size 8. When I bought it they said size is S/M. It was not clear. I will send it back. I like it very much but not my size.

Disgusting behaviour from DHL Malaysia

Great product, however I was charged import duty at my destination, this is not an issue. The issue was with DHL who payed the import duty on my behalf without informing me, then charged me an admin fee which was 45% of the import duty! Disgusting behaviour from DHL Malaysia. This has made me seriously consider not using Farfetch again. As stated the product is great.

Very poorly packaged

First time shopping with Farfetch and my item (that cost £350) arrived in a ripped bag and damp. No Farfetch packaging, no tissue paper or anything to protect it. Not what you expect when you are buying a designer item, especially when it is bought as a gift. I will certainly look to buy on sites such Mr Porter and Matches in the future as their packaging is always beautiful.

I ordered Zimmerman Cassia scallop-hem…

I ordered Zimmerman Cassia scallop-hem shorts but I received the belted floral-print shorts instead. This is really disappointed me after I waited for almost two weeks to receive it. It’s definitely going back!

paid £220 for a gift and box was damaged

bought a Christmas gift for my boyfriend, I paid over £200 for a pair of shoes and the box arrived damaged :(. a shame as he likes to keep them in the boxes. quick delivery though

I was not impressed that during “sale…

I was not impressed that during “sale time” the original price of my bag was rrp $897 with 22% taken off.. and the day after the sale finishes the regular price of the bag is now rrp $747. It’s quite obvious what farfetch have done there. Blatant misleading price setting and pushing discount figures that aren’t honest. Will shop around a lot more now rather than relying on the integrity of farfetch and will let my friends know to do the same. Disappointing.

Birthday promo code gone wrong

I received a birthday promo code stating that I can get 20 off 200, 60 off 400 or 125 off 600 Euro spent and I decided to buy 2 pairs of GGDB sneakers. One of the received products was faulty (the inner sole was to big for the shoe and it was not possible to comfortably walk in them) so I contacted Farfetch and was told to return the item, that I will be refunded half of the delivery costs and that I will get a new promo code to order a new pair of sneakers as they do not offer the exchanges. After weeks of emailing with their customer service and getting several wrong promo codes, offering only 10% off of my new order and after receiving my money back for the faulty item but not the promised half of the postage I can only say that I am more than disappointed in the way they treat their customers. I have bought products off of Farfetch numerous times but this is no way to do business, no matter how big of a discount they offer. Shame on you Farfetch!!

Customer service is not good+Sent only one shoe

Customer service is not good, they are quick to reply, but they copy and paste all the text. I ordered boots on their app, they’ve sent me just one! And then when they’ve sent the second one, first it could a long time and then they didn’t get the clearance to do so. So they’ve refunded me the price and said you either repay or return the one boot. I was expecting some incentive for the situation they’ve put me in. No, just a copied email.

I'm very disappointed with my ordered…

I'm very disappointed with my ordered package. I spent more than 400€ in a Versace Jeans Couture hoddie and it came in a simple envelope without Versave Jeans Couture own bag. I have others things of Versace Jeans Couture and all of them came with a dust bag. It seems a fake item of yours....i hope not....very disappointed with the Farfetch package

Not enough quality info about sizes and…

Not enough quality info about sizes and hence this shoe doesn't fit properly

Fast delivery was surprised received…

Fast delivery was surprised received them a few days after I ordered, but the size seems big which is confusing cause I bough the white pair in the same size and they fit well. Will have to return them.

Tax & Expensive atm international fee

I used to like Farfetch since I dont have to pay taxes back in 2020. However, its even worse when I was charged 10$ for ATM international fee which was expensive; I buy out of state products a lot but Im only charged 2-3$ for the AIF. With the same price, I guess I can buy goods at many retailers in the State.

Inflexible and uncooperative

I made I mistake with a size on an item for an order made at 11am. By 1230 I realised the error and tried to contact them to change it. I did not realise farfetch used various fulfilment companies to supply goods and that they do not control the stock or despatch. So despite the fact it is not yet processed, I cannot amend the order (even though they have the size I need) and have to wait for them to arrive and send them back to exchange. It’s a £570 item, if they were already despatched that’s one thing, but not being able to make a phone call to their fulfilment company to sort something so simple is poor service. I won’t consider ordering again.

This is my 2nd time trying to order…

This is my 2nd time trying to order these shoes on Farfetch. The 1st time my order was canceled and I was refunded after about 10 days, because the pair I ordered had some defect. This time, I got sent the wrong size. I ordered a 12.5 US and received a 12.5 UK, or a men’s size 13 US. Luckily for me these shoes run pretty narrow so I’ll probably keep them. Next time I’ll use ssense or ENDclothing

Be aware that there is only a 14 day…

Be aware that there is only a 14 day returns period. I was a few days over this and they refused to allow me to return some of my items (coming to a total of £600), despite me being a previously loyal customer.

Huge let down for the product

Huge let down for the product The earrings i received are poor quality. It got an obvious flaw on one of them. But i would rate 4 star for the customer service i had when i was trying to initiate the return process.

This is my honest feedback.

This is my honest feedback. I just want to share that I ordered a headband from Jennifer Behr and I am sad to receive it only wrapped in tissue in a cardboard box packaging. It does not carry any luxurious or exquisite touch at all. I will note on future orders in case I gift an item directly to someone. Apart from that, delivery was quick by DHL and shopping on the site was hassle free.

I sent 2/3 emails telling you that I…

I sent 2/3 emails telling you that I didn’t received my sunglasses yet and nobody answered me what happened. I called one time and you returned the amount of shipping but I want my glasses!!!

The sunglasses came dirty

The sunglasses came dirty with marks of foundation on them and with the off white box opened and I bought them as a gift so it was very uncomfortable

Wrong item delivered - TWICE

I was very satisfied with the shipping time; however, the wrong sized item was delivered -TWICE. I give up.

Not a good experience

I've been shopping at Farfetch for over 2 years. I received a pair of Saint Laurent sunglasses that were completely scratched. I had to return and pay for the return also which is completely ridiculous. I'm a Silver member there and I think it's the last time I will shop there. Totally turned off and lost time and money with this company. After all the money I spent there... not impressed. They offered free shipping but I already had 10% off my order and said they wouldn't allow to put the 10% off + the 20$ shipping fee together since it's only one code at a time. To I couldn't even use their free shipping on this order. So cheap!

Coulda been a lil faster with the shipping

Product took 4 extra days on top of the 5 days it you guys told me it would take to ship. Products box was a little mangled. Shoes were good tho.

wrong items sent to me

the actual order process was very easy and shipping was extremely quick however i was sent the incorrect items

I have ordered several things from…

I have ordered several things from farfetch, but this was the first time I received something so poorly packaged. Very disappointing that such an expensive item looked like it was literally just thrown in a box. When I have ordered jackets from other sites - they have come protected with a special box and hanger and dust bag. My balmain blazer did not even come with spare buttons! Something that should have been there at the very least.

The swimming suit not as in the picture on farfetch

The swimming suit i received is good quality. However, it was not as pictured on farfetch. The one that i ordered was supposed to have wide padded shoulders unlike the one that i received. I initially ordered it because of its padded shoulders that i found really nice. And when you purchase a swimming suit at AED800 you’d expect to receive the item as described online.

Package not checked properly 

Farfetch has always been good to me until today when I received 2 left foot shoes in a box Please advise your partner boutiques or your checking team to be more detail orientated and thorough before sending shipment Another improvement I'd like farfetch to take seriously but they probably wouldn't do anything about is courier pickup selection times. I'm sure i'm not the only person who works 9-5 every week with weekends being the only time i'm free to wait 3 hours for a courier to retrieve the package. Please revise on your courier services to be more convenient, i don't have the time to wait 3 hours plus not know exactly when between 3-6pm the postman is going to come. I had to cancel appointments just to wait around, please let customers choose a specific time for pickup service + weekend times as well. Some people have tight schedules and don't have time to wait for 3 hours without a specific time to expect.

Bad experience

I ordered a pair of Gucci Heel Sandals for a special occasion and the state that it was delivered to me in was completely unacceptable, and what I would consider shocking condition for a luxury brand. Gucci shoes are usually always packaged individually in dust bags - which was far from the case when ordering online through Farfetch. My shoes came wrapped in plastic, the sticky label on the bottom of the shoe had been torn off and when I looked closely, scuff marks were visible on the shoe. It was clear these shoes were a bad-quality return. After reaching out to customer service I did not even receive a follow up on how the complaint had been escalated when I had sent through the images of the shoes. No one should receive shoes in that state, and this is particularly bad due to the luxury brand standards Gucci as a company holds and the lack of upholding these standards on Farfetch’s behalf.

I am normally pleased with my purchases…

I am normally pleased with my purchases from Farfetch. Unfortunately, my last order was a disappointment. I purchased a stunning long, Brunello Cucinelli dress with monilli straps. When I opened the parcel, however, this expensive piece had literally been dumped in the shipping box without a garment bag, tissue, or proper protective cover. This carelessness falls on the shoulders of the boutique that shipped the dress but, by association, reflects on Farfetch.

I ordered a pair of white Valentino…

I ordered a pair of white Valentino wedges and when the arrived they were creme, very disappointed!

Farfetch review

I shopped on Farfetch for years. Used to be a good site, prices were fair, and they often had promotional discounts. Now they charge twice what other merchants charge for the same product, started collecting tax, and not just from US retailers, and stopped having promotions. So i stopped shopping there. There are many other online retailers far better than Farfetch.

High shipping costs yet no service at all

You pay very high shipping costs with an order. Unfortunately, they ship with UPS, where there is a very high chance that the package will be lost, as was the case with me. I didn't mind paying high shipping costs because I assumed the service would be commensurate. However, this was not the case. I am still waiting for a lost package.... The customer service is friendly, but as long as they continue to work only with UPS, this was the last time for me.

No longer provide good service. Failing.

Farfetch used to be one of my favourite go-to online retailers. But as they no longer bothering to reply when when incorrect sizes/ incorrect items are received, then the project is failing. My recent two orders resulted in a) a different item being received, then b) an incorrect size/ incorrect item being received. I feel that their project is failing.

First and last time farfech won’t return money if package was stolen.

This was my first time ordering from farfetch and it’s definitely going to be my last. I order a pair of comme des garcona plag converse for my birthday and it was stolen. I got the email saying how my package was delivered and left at my door cool, got home and my package wasn’t even at my door . Contacted Ups and they told me to contact far fetch but they will contact the driver and see what happened. When I called far fetch they told me to wait till the next day I waited for the next day still no package. Call far fetch back and Explain what happened and they said how they would contact ups to see where’s my package. As I kept in contact with far fetch customer service I asked if they were able to send me a replacement they said they don’t send replacement but they can try to refund me my money . Got a email from them saying that they are unable to refund me my money because my package was delivered to the address that was provided. I wouldn’t be going through all of this if I had my package and I would’ve wrote a good review for the fast shipping. This is also my first time writing a bad review for a company. Like I told the customer service representative in the email I would never order from this company ever again.

False product description & terrible packaging

Since Farfetch offers great deals on many luxury pieces, I was inevitably intrigued to make a purchase. I ordered a bag which was described as new with tags. Upon receiving my product, I noticed that Farfetch sends products directly from boutiques around the world, a sweet approach in helping small businesses make sales. The bag was as described apart from the fact that the stickers that are usually on the metal tips of the bag were removed therefore had moderate scratches on them. Secondly the packaging of the item was appalling. The beautiful leather bag was wrapped in a piece of flimsy tissue paper and thrown in a brown box taped with the Farfetch logo. There was no protection at all, due to the bag tumbling and tossing in the card board box this may have been the reasoning behind the scratches on the bag. As I did not want to cause myself stress with returning the product, I have kept it and hope to make a use out of it. Farfetch please make it a protocol for the small businesses to use adequate packaging when sending out a product. After all these are luxury items and customers need to be provided with the luxury experience.

They really don’t have knowledge of the shoes they sell

I talked to a representative on the phone and tried to get a good understanding on how the sizes run. She told me another size was gonna run a bit bigger when al along I needed the bigger size. They don’t run true to size, you have to buy them a size and a half up from your regular size

Lack of authenticity card with purchase and came looking used

Bought a pair of prada boots and they came looking used, the boots were scratched in places and had creases as though it was one pair that was out on display. The packaging again looked used, and it came with no authenticity card or anything I never write reviews but I’m so disappointedv

Dirty sneakers in wrong size.

I ordered sneakers in size 38IT and when I opened the box, there were sneakers in size 40IT. I know this stuff can happen, the worst is that one of the sneakers is dirty! For a sneakers that costs 650 euro, I am really disappointed.

Package arrived on time but the box was…

Package arrived on time but the box was damaged and that can be upsetting. The measurements on the purse say 7 in in length buts it’s definitely smaller. overall an okay purchase.

I received a faulty item through Far…

I received a faulty item through Far Fetch (came from YSL Old Bond Street). I reported the item to Far Fetch and they told me to return the item and re-order it again. I reordered the item again online and I was literally sent the same faulty bag again for the second time. I understand that the bag was coming from the YSL store but it's still not good enough. This has wasted so much of my time ordering, arranging return couriers, waiting for the $ to be transferred back into my account etc. I am very hesitant to use Farfetch again, it's just not worth it if they can't control the quality of the items that are sent from stores. Especially after I reported a faulty item and it obviously was just sent back to me. NB: I give this 2 stars and not 1 because their customer service line has been responsive at least

Disappointing

Disappointing. Ordered a dress. The wrong item came. I called them to see if they could arrange a swap. The customer service rep found that there seemed to be 2 items with similar names (and prices) I ordered a long silky dress, what came was a short leopard print dress. But we cross referenced item numbers and I was assured by that customer service representative that it was just an error and if I ordered again, the right item would get here in time for my birthday (where I live we can now go out to dinner in small groups - so I was excited to wear something pretty). So I ordered again. I was impressed when I even got a WhatsApp message saying they had followed up with the store to make sure the right item was sent this time. That turned out to be nonsense because, you guessed it, I received the wrong item again. I think the intentions of the customer service representatives are good. The actual help they can offer or control is absolutely minimum and sadly rather pointless. Little bit gutted to not be having a lovely new frock to wear next weekend.

Description doesn’t match actual…

Description doesn’t match actual product. Regular fit in description but when product arrived it was a slim fit.. As this is my first time purchasing , I am quite impressed with the packing . Included for each shirt was a dust bag. 

delivery did not meet the expectations…

delivery did not meet the expectations i raise when ordering from farfetch

Shipping was handled so poorly that I…

Shipping was handled so poorly that I had to have an item refunded. It was in customs for weeks and I had multiple several hour calls to try to get the item through customs. Later I found out that both items I purchased were marked up by about 100%

Bad customer service no replies

I never write reviews however I am shocked how a luxury retailer cannot post accurate images of what they are selling and not reply to any emails. I bought a pair of expensive trainers and when they arrived they were not what I was expecting, as the colour was wrong. This is no error or mine and they were misrepresented visually online and the image showed the colour I actually wanted ! No one at Farfetch seems to care as I have not had a respond to one email ! They clearly do not check the item against the images on there website which is awful for a retailer selling luxury items, from reading reviews I have seen this has happened to other people as well. When I sent them a message on Twitter they said someone would email me but no one has responded!There retina service seemed to me, easy and free which I think is very good but I am now very concerned about getting a refund as a lot of customers have said Farfetch have made it difficult to get there money back. These were a present and it is a lot of money, for a retailer selling premium items they should have good customer service and an accurate website with images that actually are the product they are selling !

Having problems getting a refund…

Having problems getting a refund despite the item having been misrepresented visually and discriptively online. Not enough care is given in this regard, they clearly do not check the item against the visuals provided by the manufacturers. They just put the visuals on their website without checking that they are accurate. Then when evidence is provided and the item cost in excess of £3000, they do not refund. The item was a present but we went over the 14 day regund time as my husband didn't give me the present within that time and I hadn't been able to check it and see the difference. This goes against the consumer rights act 2015. Very difficult to speak to someone in person, so you just get 'the computer says no' automatated response, even after a well put and personal, heart felt email. This online purchasing at it's worse.