1

Item arrived in good time, a little annoyed that the necklace was all knotted together and had to spend over an hour trying to get it right to be able to wrap it as a gift. But all in all a very good experience

2

It was difficult to place my order at first , a lot of verification for payment, this is my first time  of me buying online and asking me to send a copy of my id and card number details to check if its my card using for purchase.They cancelled my first order because they cannot verify my identity, they asked me to place a new order and send a copy of ID and picture of the card used for payment.🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️

3

perfect for daily use

4

I have been Gold customer for 2 years and I have never had a problem. I love I can get access to products not available in my country 👍 The delivery service is really fast. Highly recommended !!!

5

The Paul Smith T is nice except the price a little steep!

6

Customs clearance was a bit long (because some information was missing) and for a 2500$ suit the packaging is a bit "minimalist". A suit cover and a hanger would have been welcome.

7

Bag arrived quickly and as advertised.Just don’t understand why it was placed bare, as is, in the cardboard shipping box.I was surprised that it wasn’t wrapped in some sort of bag or at least in the black sac that comes with the bag.

8

As for the speed of the delivery and well packaged item sent to me, I would give five stars, the reason for only four stars is due to the sandals themselves, since compared to the black patent (same style and size as this one) one I had just bought a week ago, which fit flawlessly, these nude color ones seem slightly bigger and wider. It is as if the shoes were made in different factories, using different measurements.So needless to say will be returning these sandals, since they don’t fit and quiet look the same as the black ones.

9

Happy with the delivery and whole purchase process. I have many pairs of Birkenstock’s and so know that the size would be right, however there was no indication that this particular pair was in the Narrow cut (and so I thought it was the normal cut)  which I think is a vital piece of information!! I will keep this pair but next time I will make sure the details before purchasing.

10

It should be probably 2 or 3 stars, because, after I bought an item, few days later, I received an email about refunding my money with no explanation. Any way, o contacted the Far fetch administration and they reacted very quickly to my email and explained me the situation (it was out of stock) and quickly ordered the same item from another seller and even covered my expenses. So, for this , I am very thankful. And I vas pretty happy until I got a message that I have to go and pick up the item from the DHL post office which is in the other side of my city. Usually courier brings the thing after I order, so I was a little bit upset.Thank you.Milda Vysniauskaite

11

All the process was done quickly and the order was delivered in good condition.

12

I wish there’s a rating on the items, or comment section.I really love how easy it is to return items and the browsing experince is really pleasantI wish there’s more coupons or discounts

13

Authentic product shipped directly from European and Asian retailers. A must for U.S. buyers.

14

The bag come with the dust bag without the box But everything else was good

15

The order arrived on time, but the packaging within the shoe box was really messy. No caring consideration of the shoes was there, the shoes were kind of dusty (have the impression that they have been wore before), there were 3 instead of 2 dusting shoe bags just thrown there and to my surprise there was no extra small underneath heel protectors as normally are.Although I was really anxious to own this particular pair, I have not made up my mind of whether I will keep it or not as I am kind of disappointed.

16

Excellent shopping choices. However -- several complaints:1) Shopping from ISRAEL has become much more difficult as the duties are not included in the price anymore. Basically, it's made returns very difficult and annoying. No more impulse shopping!2) The website: scrolling down the page: if you click on an item, on the return it does not go back to where you left off but rather to the top of the page. Not good...

17

it takes a long time to deliver the products, especially those delivered with DHL and it should deliver faster !!

18

The shoes box is broken but the product is okay

19

Everything was great but I was disappointed with the packaging ther is no brand bag or box but overall it’s good

20

Impressed in the fast delivery. Did not like the packaging as it was a gift, wish it came with the actual designer box instead of shipping packaging and dust bag.

21

The overall experience was good I didn’t receive a box for my Sunglasses I ordered I would like a box for such an expensive item.

22

I try to be really careful when ordering online and I appreciate the lovely items that you have on Farfetch! In this situation, sadly, my order had to be returned. I always wear a Small in Alexander McQueen. However, I didn't see an explanation that this particular top is constructed of two attached pieces!  The piece that has the skirt attached to it seems smaller than the T-Shirt! Therefore, this item does not fit.Also, when I took it to be returned, they said they had to charge me $5.00. The delivery time to me was excellent!I will certainly use Farfetch again!  Thank you!

23

Ordered Joseph leather leggings and they are stunning. The packaging was a bit basic for a luxury purchase (it came in a nondescript plastic packet), and I also had to pay €13 for delivery which I think is a bit cheeky considering I paid over €1k for the leggings. That's why I didn't give 5*.

24

Amazing and experience and genuine products

25

Great experience! So much to choose from.The only issue is that you end up getting your product from different locations, with different delivery time and end up paying the couriers fee per each package

26

Purchasing experience:greatPrices: a little inflated compared with competition .Regarding the item i purchased: I just find a little odd that a person that usually wears L-Xl finds a coat sized medium very very large. Is this size inflatiion?

27

Love the product and the selection I have brands that are offered, shipping is always very quick and painless! I do wish for the price of many of the items that the shipping packages were a little nicer, if the product could come in boxes instead of just brown bags I think that would be a little cleaner looking and a little safer for the product. Overall very good experience

28

In my previously orders the item price was including tax’s and now the tax is in addition.

29

Great customer service when I made my purchase, and having to return due to sneakers being too small. Very friendly and helpful staff

30

Nice Experience.. but hope to receive my order with the Full Original Packaging, including the official brand’s boxes and wrapping.

31

Quick response & ability to resolve issues

32

Really fast ship to australia , great product , and really good customers service .

33

Decent little buy

34

Great glasses, second pair!  Dhl sucks from europe

35

Quite quick, totally reliable, pre-owned section, and a loyalty program? It took me years to buy anything at Farfetch, now I think I'm hooked.With a bigger choice in designer clothes sizing (they exist! Those boutiques need to wake up!), Farfetch would be the absolute PERFECT shopping destination ;)

36

very nice store.  but there are problems.  there is no way to select and buy one item in the basket.  but only all together.  fix it and you will have the best store I've seen

37

Love their products and their sales, however sometimes when i place orders they then tell me its out of stock and then process a refund. A little bit annoying but still good overall!

38

Really good service! The goods came fast and everything was ok. There was some problem with the site, the first price was lower with 5-10 euro, but after I start to my checkout it was changed. But no problem :)

39

fast shipping/delivery and easy returns process. Would love if it was like other retailers where as soon as the courier picks up the return package, they process the refund back to my account.

40

I am generally very pleased with the services from Farfetch. The experience is consistently great: the app is super, I can search and filter and find whatever I am interested in. The purchasing is quick and painless. The delivery services work wonderfully. It was the case with this purchase too. It would have been a 5-star review if the product was exactly like in the photos. The photo of the product showed the dress in much lighter colours then the actual product I received. It is a very beautiful dress and I will keep it, however the experience had a little "meh" in it because of this.

41

Though I had experience delayed on my order due to technical issue but you still managed to deliver my item with great service and commitment.

42

easy ordering process . product received on time in good condition

43

First and 2nd experience was great. Just have a lil scratch on the accessories i purchased, but well not much to complain since the discount is real.

44

Fast delivery Item is good, but since I bought expensive item I expected a little better package, mostly because it was gift…

45

Very fast delivery but the blazer came packed in a small box,very wrinkled .For a double breasted wool blazer to be packed as a mans shirt and wrapped in paper and squished in a small box is not the Wayfair it should be done.

46

I ordered several times from them, I love there service, the packing, delivery, the payment goes very smooth with them.Although I don’t have an idea about returning service.

47

I would like to receive sooner!!Best regards, Vasiliki

48

Good and reliable online shopping website. Good price when there are irresistible promotions. Good quality product photos and descriptions. The Farfetch Fit Predictor helps me get the perfect size for my Alexander McQueen jacket (US$ 2,835). Thanks to its recommendation "Run small, considering sizing up". Good job on that. I might have to waste time returning the product if I were to order my regular size. Delivery is also fast with DHL Express.Points for improvement:1.Disappointed when the product arrived in a small black clothes bag like a big shoes bag. It should come in a proper suit bag hanging on a clothes hanger (preferably Alexander McQueen) and folded in half in the delivery box. This is how it is done in a top notch quality online shopping website (i.e. MR PORTER do this even with less expensive & less reputable brand names, regular or sale items are treated the same). Good presentation is utmost important and common sense.2.A video presentation for each product seeing a model wearing the product will be very appreciated. It can help buyers see the product better - like attending a catwalk and not just seeing it in a magazine. You can see how the garment holds on the body with different movements 360 degree, how different details of the piece stand out, etc. For clothing, of course we all want to try it on before buying. But if we cannot do it, having someone doing it certainly help.In conclusion, highly recommended. I'll shop here again.

49

Had to pay additional taxes (of which possibility I was warned beforehand) but otherwise everything went smooth. Got myself some items I couldn't find anywhere, and even for a reasonable price, so the experience was overall pleasant.

50

Great piece Love the details and quality and the precise time in delivery

51

1) I had a code for SAR450 discount and suddenly it disappeared?2) I dont like that price changes on the same exact item but different size!

52

My wallet looks amazing, but there was a couple of plastic stuck into the wallet ( did not look like a scratch) but i did manage to remove it with my nails using tissue. Im assuming since it was the last piece, it was probably on display. On the other day, i think the packaging could use an upgrade, please put things to stop the product from moving inside the box, as i could hear the wallet move left & & right inside the package. Which could damage it.

53

Very fast and awesome quality it would be great if they were sent together and in one package

54

Ordering and delivery was absolutely fine. however I will be returning the item its too small.

55

Everything is great except the delivery company. They didn’t contact me while delivering my item, sadly they put it outside my home without informing me.

56

It is good and efficient service, but I received the promotion code cannot use , the reason show that was expired. If have expiry date please notice the customer.

57

Beside the delay of my parcel, iam very happy with what i have received!I understand that the delay was cause by the 3rd party for delivery

58

I'm happy with my order in terms of online ordering process, delivery timeline, packing, thorough guidelines for receiving the good and return, etc. The product is slightly different from my expectation however I'm happy with my order. I will buy more from Farfetch.

59

High quality product.Quite good price.User friendly order process.Fast delivery.But prefer plastic packing to avoid getting wet during transport.

60

Before payment for this item it was started that import duties are included which means to me I’m not paying anything extra apart from shipping. Even in the last time i shopped with Farfetch i was told shipping is going to be free for me next time I shop this was never applied. That is my only concern

61

Jacket is beautiful! It’s a good thing it was nothing fragile because the delivery package was practically demolished!

62

Got the item very quick. It’s my first time purchasing in farfetch as I was a little bit skeptical about it’s legitimacy. But it did not disappoint, item is in good condition and it’s authentic. Though it did not come in its original box but it’s okay, they packed my bag nicely.

63

The order came pretty fast & I really appreciate that

64

Great product. Wish there was quicker shipping options.

65

Good packaging and great speed of delivery

66

To be honest I really loved the whole experience, everything I bought from them is authentic, and the delivery is fast but the problem is the packaging !!the box came open without the original box of D&G and for me that was very disappointing

67

Copped my fit this is my go to place for Luxury pieces . With those prices you cant beat them.

68

They shipped me different t-shirt from another brand🤷‍♂️

69

I love this website, many choices and good price

70

Due to a narrower last than other Philip Models in the past, the shoes were returned today, but not without some confusion over the DHL procedure.  A phone call cleared all that away by acknowledging that the return site for this order was the USA, so a simple UPS label was all that was needed.

71

The delivery was perfect very fast.But the conditions of the espadrilles is not perfect how you can buy from the shop.

72

The bag and service was A++ perfect but I have to tell you that when the box showed up from UPS it was mangled! The box was crushed, all ripped up one side and I find this extra annoying because the item I ordered was shipped from a local boutique. It was shipped yesterday and I received it today all crushed.  Luckily the bag was not damaged but you should know that UPS didnt really take good care of the package :-/

73

Great choice of very diverse products and brands and fast shipping

74

The piece I ordered was stunning, however it took a longer than the estimated delivery time

75

All good - professionalism

76

my product some smudge on the small tag on the side, and has a scratch on top of the box. but aside from that everything was fast and good.

77

First time ordering from here, delivery was fast took about a week to get to Washington state. Very authentic. I sure will be ordering more from here again.

78

Great shopping , very nice item but terrible delivery experience  with DHL

79

Fast shipping/delivery. Good quality products.

80

Nice purchase and shipping experience.Although this website does not carry very attractive pricing, the service and products availability is tops. I recommend it.

81

The service is fantastic, but it would help a lot if you did more with sizing. I am a size 10 AUS, 6US. I purchased a Marc Jobs T-shirt in a large and it was too small. To send it back you wanted to charge me $45!!!!!. I then ordered the extra large and it is a perfect fit.

82

I love my purse for my baby girl it’s exactly what I expected it to be!

83

Prompt service and delivery. It helps that the article is the same as the article you delivered to me in November 2020. DHL delivery driver is good and prompt.

84

Plenty good choices of products..It will be great to have free delivery since many online retailers offer such.

85

Good product range. Discount is average.

86

Great service but delivery came later than the scheduled time. Realized that DHL Repacked my Order and I couldn’t find the invoice for my second package.

87

Loved my item. Surprised it didn’t come in a Ferragamo bag considering the money I paid for the item.

88

My order shipped very fast from Farfetch it just took a long time to arrive. The box was burst open when I received it but nothing was damaged as thankfully they had it well wrapped up in the box.

89

Your application  doesn’t update me properly

90

I love and appreciate Farfetch, & the overalls are absolutely wonderful. They are missing the strap fastening buckles, which I'm not sure if that's just how they come or not but I'll find replacement buckles. Sincerely, thank you!

91

Your service was always a good one. But I was hoping that delivery would be within 3-5 days. Anyways, delivery time of seven days may be good enough. Hoping that it is the maximum delivery time that you can offer. Thank you.

92

Took one day longer than standard transit date

93

Loved the product and how fast I received it. Love that far fetched had different options of payments like Klarna. My only thing is that I wish the product t came wrap better and more presentable since they are luxury good. I brought a Versace bag I I thought I will receive it in a Versace box like they give in the stores. Otherwise highly recommend!

94

Good offer that came up to $389 whereas in-store it would have been $555. Fast shipping via DHL from Italy. Only thing is the packaging of the parcel could have been so much nicer and more fancy.

95

Product shipped promptly and authentic as advertised

96

The mobile app or website is very easy to use- browsing is easy with clear navigation and pages loading quickly. Items are current season or new season with previous seasons available but sell out fast. Items arrived well packaged and despatched in timely manner and arrived in good order. Can’t find any fault so far with Farfetch except sizing is limited to whatever is available from the specific boutique. Two thumbs up for luxury shopping at your fingertips.

97

Ordering was easy and receipt of goods was prompt.  However, item was not as described on website (fabric wrong) and has to be returned.

98

Loved that the items shipped quickly: 4 days from Warsaw to Manila. One shoe, however, arrived with a scratch and it’s too much trouble to return. Also, site descriptions of products could do better: items were described as either “100% leather” or “patent leather”; they turned out to be synthetic leather.

99

Well well ... It's one of those reviews where you don't really know from where to start.I will start by saying I have really left a fortune to them haha by constantly shopping and supporting them. So let's count the pros1) Genuine products lol :P2) Best prices especially when items are going on sale. Really love the fact that items are being discounted solid, instead of gradually reducing. You also have boutiques from all around the world all together in one platform, which is great it's like searcing something threw Lyst.com or Styleright.com, with the main difference that you get alarmed by them when a product that you selected as favourite goes on sale... Don't expect that with Farfetch.3) Real time benefits when you get to spend more,provided you by the Access programm. You get to know which items are going on sale first ( 3 days earlier I think) and you also enjoy some gifts (minor really) and customer service answering your mails in priority! I also think you can get tips for a stylist as well, but let's be honest you can find that on a bunch other sites :)4) Really fast shipping, express shipping with only 10 Euros cost (if you live in Greece like me, I think it's 5 for central Europe), something that they have improved over the time, as in the past years the shipping wasn't express.. that means that now you pay same cost and  you get different shipping. I have never got a package broken or stolen or anything, which is also important.5) You get to know from where your garments are being shipped a) to actually know which country you support <3 and b) to avoid paying extra tools and taxes (especially now that the UK left EU ). Farfetch also infroms you when you are at the basket that you don't have to pay any extras, as they are including on the final price most of the time.6) From time to time they are making a 20% max discount to some items with terms and conditions of course. Don't expect to see that very often, especially on already discounted items, although this CAN happen on late February's final clearance and it DID also happened this past Black Friday.. Which leads me to the cons.. Now to the cons.As it is normal in all long term relationships there comes a point of conflict. There were times I felt like I was being treated like a number ($) not a person, in some of the cases.Again the customer service did answer to my mails, but not as someone that is in Gold-heading to Platinum-category of Access, rather someone they tried to avoid. When you get to spend a certain amount of money, you need to feel like someone who's treated right, don't you agree? That was they only downside, which ok it's minor but still, when I felt it I got really upset. Never got refunded of an item that supposed to be earlier in sale for me as a Golden Member, and after just 3 days of purchase they reduced it even more in 20%. Really annoying. Had to ask a manager to talk to... not even want to remember that.That was all folks, these were my experiences from what I can recall. I would strongly recommend it to pretty much everyone, but I wanted to share everythig, good or bad.

100

Delivery time is great even they delivered my product 2 days before the estimated day.Returns product is very easy & friendly treat with them

101

fast shipping. if offer more discount for vip would be better

102

Good site... Quick delivery time... Product as described... Very happy with purchase... Will use again..

103

Fast delivery, however, there’s some difference in the colour

104

Im absolutely satisfied ordering via Farfetch.  The customer service is top notch and the shipping was amazingly quick. I love how they always have new products before anyone else does here.

105

It's a decent experience, although it feels like it's taking a little long for the bag to arrive (7 days).  Also, there's a streak of light scratch/discolor on the cover flap of the bag, but I already took off the tag so I guess I'll have to keep it.  I hope that you're not selling defected items unknowingly.  If the item is on sale due to defects, please let your customer know up front so they know what they're paying for.

106

In general I believe that with the item you are sending you should also send a bag, and the original box of the item. In a lot of cases the product is intended for a gift and not always personal use. Especially now during pandemic, an appropriate packaging is important

107

Hello I have just received the item but is much bigger than expected. I will see if I will keep it or not. Besides this the delivery was ok and very quick.Thanks

108

Love these earring big beautiful and shiny. Not too crazy about clip ons but they don’t hurt your ears .

109

Great selections and customer service. I buy from them regularly. As a vegan I like that PETA has shares in the company and that they don't sell fur items. However its disappointing that they still sell exotic skins. Makes me want to shop less frequent. Prices tend to be more expensive than their rivals.

110

The box came with the bottom torn open.  The suit was not wrapped in plastic or tissue.  Just thrown in the box.

111

Very fast delivery, But the original Bottega Package was on 3 from 4 Sides Broken and in Bad shape

112

My first order with Farfetch and I am really pleased with it. Easy to order and good communication. Quick delivery within a couple of days (the product was shipped from Korea). The jacket was available only on Farfetch and it was on my radar for almost a year, waiting for the most attractive price point, and I have noticed the price was reduced to almost 50% for a couple of months and then drastically increased for a couple of weeks and then dropped again. And for that practice one star less. Also, when comparing sale price to another sellers, and even original brand websites, the sale prices on Farfetch are higher. However I find browsing more pleasant compared to another stores.

113

Love the boots. The only complaint is the first order I placed was canceled by Farfetch and which then costed me roughly 40usd in the return process

114

1 star short is because short of one dust bag for a beautiful pare of shoes.Logistic is amazing as usual. Very very fast delivery.

115

Lots of awesome products and I love my purchase. It just took little bit longer to arrive, but still doable time.

116

I always enjoy my shopping experience with Farfetch, specially with the variety on goods, but I think the experience would be butter If you provide a gift wrapping service.Thanks,

117

I like how fast you make shipments, only delay is customs especially after paying their fees they still hold orders for another 48 hours.

118

Shopping was a breeze. Delivery was very fast. One suggestion is to put the measurement of tees. I was deliberating between 2 sizes for a while.

119

My experience with Farfetch is excellent in terms of product offerings, service, delivery time, and the ability to make returns.  This is why I choose to shop with Farfetch. The only negative I have is that I feel that the particular product I bought is over priced.  Granted the quality is excellent and looks brand new, but I found that a brand new item would cost a few thousand dollars less; the only difference was the color.  I understand that the color I have is harder to find, but not sure if a couple thousand dollars is worth the difference. I'm still thinking it through.

120

Fast delivery but had to pay for custom separately duties. It should have been imbedded in the price

121

Convenient to use and prompt delivery.

122

The buttons of my shorts are almost dropping .

123

Love Farfetch quality, variety of items I could find and how easy returns are. Very satisfied. Thank you!

124

Very good site. I like very much buy in Farfetch....fast to delivery and things are good quality.

125

Yet another merchant that doesn’t understand distance selling regulations and that original postage costs must be refunded when returning and item, for whatever reason, within fourteen days.Pleased to say some faith restored by the very helpful and friendly Nadia and my postage costs duly refunded

126

I ordered a shirt expensive one Dolce and gabbana I checked out paid Then it took along time apparently two people had bought the same shirt.  I contacted my Personal client advisor and she followed it upMy refund would be on my card soonShe was very sorry it THIS IS THE SECOND TIME THIS HAD HAPPENED

127

I was very annoyed when i received the item, but the item was kids size rather than adult. It did not say anywhere on the item that it is for kids.Other than that, actually very pleased with speed of service and how easy it is to return an item.

128

Timely arrival, but disappointingly buckle was scratched.

129

The speed of delivery was brilliant, as was the phone-customer service. Sadly I received two different sized boots.  The good thing is that I was able to return them the same day that i received them due to the excellent return process. I look forward to receiving my refund so I can continue o shop with you.

130

Efficient service, quick dispatch!

131

like the sweater, but the materials is not matching what website says (100% cashmere)

132

Package arrives very fast. Less than a week from placing order! Satisfied with the whole shopping experience and process. The packaging of the parcels are very professionally done too. Thumbs up! Definitely will shop again with Farfetch!

133

Great experience, very fast delivery loved that, but the collections are limited didn’t find many options and the size wasn’t accurate. however, I’m definitely shopping here again.

134

I would give 5 stars since shopping with farfetch is fast and awesome, but dhl as a carrier is very deficient.

135

This was my second purchase from Farfetch app and this was my first Karl Lagerfeld handbag that I bought from online. (Normally I bought from the boutique). Although the colour was a little brighter in the picture but Im okay with it. It was more to dusty pink than powder pink. Delivery was faster than I expected and it took only 3 days to Qatar. I found a minor defect on the leather clip in front of the bag. It was a small scratch and looked a little bit discoloured. Other than that, Im happy to have purchased this item because it was sold out before and I received a notification that the item came back in stock. Thank you so much!

136

Placed my order Dec.15 and didn’t get any update in 5 days, my purchase still in progress. i decided to call customer service and i was told it’s ready for shipment. After a couple of days I checked the status of my order and it went back to “purchase in progress” again. I called again and the person who answered my call sounds like a trainee and couldn’t give me a good answer, all she knows is the item I ordered will be coming from farfetch NJ and they couldn’t hold of them to confirm if the item is available or not and she told me they need to cancel my order. She told me the item is available but in different farfetch boutique which is in LA. My point is the customers have no idea where and what particular boutique our orders are coming from. Why they have to cancel my order and let me re-order again? (Worried of getting my money back and paying again for re-order) Why they didn’t call farfetch LA and just get my order from there? 4 stars because I re-ordered on dec 23 and received it the next day plus the dolce bag is a true beauty.

137

Great after-sale service! Unconditional pick-up for return is guaranteed for my last-minute change of mind due to the wrong size picked. Thank you Farfetch!

138

Super e vsichko

139

great service, fast shipment BUT it would be better to improve the "Size Guide" for clothing.The product I got has a size that too large, larger than it normally should be.It would be great and more helpful to add "Product's measurements" apart from Model's measurements.

140

Everything is perfect 😍

141

Love the shoes! They were stuck at DHL customs for a while (dec 9-16 supposed to be delivered on the 11th) I had to chase them up but I did manage to speak to someone who told me to go to DHL website to fill out the form to release them from customs. Will definitely shop farfetch again.

142

Fast delivery, graet quality of product but not very nice packaging

143

I thought the size of the bag was medium but it turns out a 'Mini",  but its ok.

144

Very fast delivery! I salute DHL! Very good updates and tracking updates. I was just surprised I was taxed by over USD100.00.Thanks.

145

Shipping was good and efficient but hand bag purchased has 2 faint scratches on the back on the leather  and I don't wish to send the item back for a exchange and having to wait again. Perhaps bags need to be looked at better when getting sent?

146

I like the bag I bought this time. But one of the item was wrong they sent me another dress. A bit sad.

147

Took them a while to get back to me but resolved my issue eventually

148

Great range of designers and styles. Fast shipping. The one reason why I didn’t give farfetch 5 is because I noticed that when I scroll through the items some of them are repeated so it looks like there are lots to view but a lot of the time it’s repetitive.

149

Very happy with my purchase but the size chart was not clear for the products.

150

Love the service delivery timing & exclusive pieces

151

Delivery, wrapping, products,and discount are very goodThank you

152

✅ Lot of quality brands, even some artisans, great customer service, easy to use interface, lot of details for how the items fit and pretty accurate as well, extremely fast shipping at a very good rate. ❌ 3-5 business days for their partners to process a return confirmation once the package returned to them. This task takes no more than 5'. Return shipping as fast as shipping would be great, or at least the possibility to exchange the item for the same one in a different size or colour while being reserved once the return was requested by the client. During sale period, some shops don't process the order, leaving Farfetch clueless on when the item will be dispatched. Happened twice to me, with the same item, obviously i have canceled the order both times. Prices of items can sometimes be higher than retail, in some occasions waaaay higher.

153

Checks out on every aspect required to be placed among the great.4 and half stars

154

I am happy that the package came quickly (3 or 4 days after ordering) however, the packaging was a bit disappointing. Paying a few hundred euros and then receiving the package in a brown shapeless bag? I dont know... The experience would have been a 10/10 if the packaging was better.

155

Everything is perfect but the sneakers were damaged a little because the box was small and defenseless. I remember my last order was protected .

156

Ordered a pair of Off White shoes, and immediately got a confirmation that the order was successful. Farfetch kept me updated really well, and within a week my shoes were delivered. It was noticeable that the shoes had been tried on before, but they weren't damaged or anything. All in all, I can recommend you ordering on this website!

157

Super comfortable Sandals. Flesh pink colour .

158

Express delivery is amazing!! Got my order faster than I’ve ever imagined! All duties payed in advance which is very convenient. The item I bought looks just as on the website (photos were very clear and realistic). The only reason why I am giving 4/5 is because the promo code did not work with me for my first order, nor a referral code from a friend. Thanks!

159

Shipping should be free or at the lower rate

160

Farfetch order fulfillment is fast.Product are packed nicely and well protected.Wish the product strap is much longer, other than that, is perfect.Thank you

161

It came very quick but damn did the import cost very much

162

Thank you for the quick delivery

163

I had a very very good experience with Farfetch for all my orderes except the last one, when i received a different product from the one I ordered. I don't know what happened but I hope Farfetch fixes this problems and it will not happen in the future!

164

Reliable and arrived on time with good condition

165

This is my first time using Farfetch.  I ordered a Nanushka Martin button-up overshirt (15178660).  Instead of receiving a camel colored overshirt that I expected, I received a silver-gray cardigan.   Not what was shown on the Farfetch website and not what I thought I was ordering.  I could not request an exchange per Farfetch Customer Service.  Instead I had to return and purchase a second.  Customer Service was very helpful in supporting the process and very responsive with follow-up.  Despite the small hassle I'm impressed with the effort to communicate and make sure my issue was addressed.  Thank you!

166

Just got my YSL Lou camera bag! Ordered it on Monday (Oct 12), and received it Oct 16 (Friday). Order was processed after a day and shipped 2 days after it was in the preparation stage. Very well packaged. Called customer service twice for some questions I had and both times, the phone was picked up quickly and the CSR was very friendly, patient and helpful. The ONLY thing is, I wish the partner boutiques would also provide the original designer boxes for the item but that’s not up to Farfetch. However, perhaps Farfetch can put extra notes like that on each item, for example: “this item does not include the box or dust bag” so the customer will have a choice before purchasing.   They already give us the information on which country the item will ship from so adding which boutique it’s from would be helpful as well. Overall, I had a great experience shopping with Farfetch! Side note: for everyone that read a negative review about customer service, it wasn’t true in my case. Also, I took the liberty to contact YSL to verify that Farfetch is indeed authorized to sell their brand and that everything is authentic.

167

I ordered this bag as a gift, but l wonder it’s comes without a box, I’m sad about this.

168

Fast delivery, beautiful bag!

169

Happy with my buy seem cheaper compare to other side. Authentic goods and fast delivery too

170

Great selection and fast delivery, although too expensive shipping. This is my only complaint.

171

Love this store, never dissapoints. But I think it used to have vintage section which I loved, or maybe it was someplace else. Also, why did u change your logo...

172

The parcel arrived really fast and in great condition.

173

The size is a bit smaller than I’ve imagine

174

Nice experience with farfetch.comFast delivery Excellent service But I don't like that my bag deliver to me with out the brand box

175

Very happy with the product i ordered, arrived relatively fast.

176

Shipping was very quick! However my socks are a little big. I’m a size US 9 in women, I purchased a (L).  A (M) would’ve been better.

177

The purchase and payment was super easy and the delivery was fast, however I was extremely disappointed that the $300 Burberry tie that I bought as a gift did not come in a Burberry storage box. Instead it came in clear plastic and wrapped in black tissue paper. I would really like to know if I can be posted a box if I was to purchase this from a store I would receive one.

178

All worked fine.... And impressive fast!!Very simple and confinient to order for customer.But not cheap :-)

179

everything was as it supposed to be thank you for great services the reason i didn't give it a five star is because the shipping was at lease a day late at first it was suppose to be delivered on the 13th but i got it on the 14th,beside that i love everything else.

180

Delivery time took more than expected, it took 3 weeks

181

Great but not extraordinaryThe way the sneakers (which are Adidas) are glued, they look really cheap and not so well in terms of final touches. They are comfortable but disappointed about the looks.

182

I love my bag but I’m wondering why dosent haveBox i really wanna now that other than than it look great as it described

183

Fast shipping exact description but price could be lower

184

My second time using Farfetch.  It is pretty straight forward and no fuss.  I have not tried to return anything as I like what I purchased.

185

Under the COVID 19, thank you for trying hard to keep us shopping safe, although the deliver time of the package may take longer time than before, thank you for keeping us continues shopping.

186

Thanks for the great packaging and time delivery.. just one of the bag l brought have a few small scratches ..

187

Great service, however the custom process took too long

188

great selection but from different boutiques so price vary greatly. great shopping experience

189

One of the best apps.

190

best customer service, the prices are always nice

191

Great customer service and great items esp range of vintage ones.

192

Quick delivery Beautiful item

193

not problem with you, it was the delivery, not big deal.this etro scarves beautiful to my collection of only etro about 62,great colors and very, very good price

194

Amazing! And the stickers were a nice touch

195

Very good, secured and trusted application

196

Their product price  is much higher than other online shopping sites but the customer service is great.

197

I like the items but not the packaging. No bag or gift choice

198

Option to let us know about color selection before clicking on the product so it can make our lives easier rather than clicking and having to check at the bottom. Other than that, great. Thanks.

199

Fast and details! Great service!

200

I knew exactly what I wanted - the item was easy to find and purchase. Fast delivery and I was kept updated on delivery progress from the moment I ordered! I took off one star because the size I wanted was priced so much higher than the others??

201

Thank you 4 making the shopping easy and u made my friend happy cuz it was a gift  4 here birthday at this time we all know it’s hard and difficult in the world .Thank u farfetch 💫

202

It is very good that we find everything from different stores around the world, but it’s truly inconvenient sometimes because we receive them separately and pay duties several times

203

My order was packed in a perfect way, but The picture showed silver belt but i received a black glossy one.It is perfect to be honest and I liked it but it wasn't my order.I ordered 2 belts but i got only one cover not two.

204

Far fetch was fast and efficient and allowed me to access Zadig and Voltaire - which I otherwise could not from Australia I made two separate orders in one lot and they both turned up super quick

205

Past two shoppings, 2 of my orders were cancelled because items were out of stock. It is really annoying to find out about stock out status after I pay and everything. You need to have a better update on items.

206

One of the two items I have received, which was a GANNI belt is too big although I have ordered it in size XS/S.

207

Quick delivery let my triumph last for nearly a week.

208

I hoped, I would also get paper bag for my ordered bag.

209

Great courier and commitment to delivery dates however the prices of some of the products is higher than other websites and suppliers, also the filter in the shopping section tend to have lots of options as well, so it’s better to add more filter options

210

Service is satisfactory!  Will keep shopping from Farfetch!

211

I usually rate with 5 stars but this time I had problem with information about delivery twice. The first time they haven t sent me any notice and when they sent ,it was delivered next day.The second one they delay to send the product.

212

Smooth, efficient and attractive price on sales items. More extra discount offer will be welcome.

213

Amazing application and great selection of brands

214

Process was almost flawless, my purchase arrived early.  The only disappointment is that my blouse was quite wrinkled.

215

I am very happy to receive the goods within a week, but I did not deliver the Burberry gift bag, which is the only deficiency as a gift for a friend.

216

Love the product. Took longer than expected to receive it.

217

All was great exept a cancelation of a product I had paid

218

Great customer services.  Recommended.

219

Excellent logistics flow!  Good price with 20% discount in June!  Only draw back is when ordered a medium size jacket, initially the order and payment confirmed and accepted.  But then after few days to follow up the status, received reply saying the required size was out of stock and I have no choice to accept the refund and to select a size Large instead!

220

Fast shipping, good product

221

Great quality ski pants. Great feel. Looking forward to testing them out on the slopes.

222

The delivery timing during this circumstances was perfect , but try to work on the design of the packaging otherwise to add packaging for gifts with additional fees. Over all I’m satisfy with Farfetch

223

Your shirts has a good qualityBut they are quit expensive Also the promo codes that you gaved it to me non of them are working

224

The delivery was quick but i don’t understand why they charge a interest for purchase😞 I always buy online but they don’t charge for interest purchase.

225

Easy to use website. Very fast shipping.

226

Same items are available at other sites for much less.  Do not like the fact that you list an item for sale and when I click on purchase the price changes.

227

Quick delivery, nice packaging, excellent products!

228

Perfect packaging Express delivery- during Covid19Items received as shown

229

Has anybody ordered a Versace belt ? & did it come in proper Versace packaging ? Looking to order but really wanting know

230

4 stars for wrong item, 5 stars for customer service

231

I love Farfetch. Even though I was sent a completely didn’t style of James Perse trousers than the ones I ordered today. They are still lovely, so I lucked out. Regardless of that everything else has always been spot on.

232

The description of this very useful, 2-way bag is seriously lacking.  There is no mention of it having a separate WAIST belt that slides through the back top-edge flap (the function of which I could not understand from pictures).  As a result, (even though the waist belt is short) it exceeds my expectations.  Typical Mackintosh quality, but even their "bonded cotton" could use some explanation (I went to the Mac site for clear understanding).Otherwise, it is exactly the size and low-key appearance that i was searching for; that it was on sale sweetened its purchase and use. Fast delivery to USA. Thank you.

233

Well communicated and prompt delivery

234

delivery is excellent,very fast and convenient.I bought a jacket but it too big for me and unfortunately not able to exchange,it was a final sale . to bad ...

235

It was a verry good delivery

236

Good company. They has some really low prices on authentic garms. The website said the off white thong sandals were made in Italy but when i got them the sticker on the bottom said made in Indonesia. I spoke to them about this and its not a deal breaker as Browns uk assured me that it was an Authentic item and the quality is on par with my other authentic off-white clothing and accessories, I just never saw an Off White product made in Indonesia. The shipping is slightly high especially when your order only contains one product, but to ship internationally costs real money, so I can deal with paying $24 to have something shipped.

237

Competitive pricing, wide and interesting range of designers, prompt delivery. The team continued to do their best even with the COVID outbreak

238

Fast shipping and nice products. I like that Farfetch makes it possible to support smaller businesses around the world. A bit to much plastic in the packaging tho.Never tried to return anything so can’t comment on that at the moment.

239

I love Farfetch! This last order was a bit slow, but Customer Service did their best to solve the problem.

240

Was ordered for my girlfriend she said she likes it.

241

On-line the package was very poor

242

I like the shoes, great packaging, normal time delivery.But I wish description of the item will be more accurate. The shoes was made in Romania...in item description was stated "Imported".I though it was made in Italy, since the shoes was sent from Italy.

243

Order arrived almost a week late, but item as described and throughout the delay the customer service was stellar. Customer service very friendly and replies fast, cannot fault them at all. 4 stars because they listed an item for sale (which I bought) but their supplier had warehouse closed due to COVID. Customer service was very fast in resolving this issue, but did result in a delay.

244

Overall the experience is quite nice, the packaging is good and the shoes were intact, the seller also sent the shoes out for delivery very promptly.  As I would not be at home on the originally expected date of delivery, so I had rescheduled the delivery time.  However, the shipping company DHL was unable to deliver within the scheduled time (in the morning) that I was able to stay at home.  I need to ask my other family member to stay at home for receiving the parcel in the afternoon.Moreover, the shoes that I got finally was a bit oversized as I was just tried to pick the size that I generally wear for most of my shoes.   I know size of different brands could varies quite a lot, but I think adding the foot length in centimetres in the size chart could help me to get a more accurate size.  If there is a function to enter the size of my shoes of other brands/ model, then the system could suggest the size for the selected shoes for me, then it would be even better.

245

Great variety of goods. App is easy to be used. Discounts could be bigger.

246

the order was processed quickly

247

it was a little delay because of the corona..

248

The delivery took longer than expected.  My family member set aside other appointments and awaited the delivery at home. It turned out to be two and a half hours later than scheduled duration which was 0900 to 1400 of today.  Sad a bit!

249

Hygiene is important for this moment, i think should give more confidence for the customer receiving the parcel.

250

good customs service

251

Better good nice on time

252

Farfetch is quite efficient when dealing with customers. I also didn’t expect I could receive my parcel so fast. Give you thumb up! Good job thank you

253

I was a member since 2011. Unfortunately, you turned Taiwan into a region because of political factors. TAIWAN has its own president, laws, etc., . Our government implemented measures to contain the coronavirus in our way prove this, Taiwan never belongs to China. I hope you can correct the name on the website in the future ,that would be great.

254

Very happy with service & the product. Sneakers are beautiful.

255

Nice online shopping experience with product tracing

256

Excellent variety and range of items. However, prices of some items are much higher than other online stores. Furthermore, it would be more beneficial for shoppers if you could provide item measurements. I'm very confident your sales will increase significantly.

257

The colour is different than your picture

258

Delivery was super fast! Packaging was nicely wrapped :) Only thing I would recommend is not to use so much duct tape to close the package, difficult to open it haha :p 4,5/5 !

259

The order arrived very fast and the quality of the boots is amazing. But I have to return them because my usual size didn't seem to be the right one with these boots. They are too straight and are hurting my feet. It is unfortunate, I would have kept them otherwise, no doubt.

260

I recently bought a balenciaga bag, but the protective cover of the bag is broken, and then a RB hat did not give me a protective cover but first time they gave me and Very attentive packaging,I don’t know why second time not wii,But DHLis very nice

261

It was such a speedy delivery. 5 stars for that.The only negative is it's very hard to estimate size. Also it's hard to know the exact detail / texture of the item compared to feeling it in the physical store. But the fact I don't need to go out to look for things i'm interested in  shops, your online platform is a very good solution.

262

Overall good experience. I ordered 2 items. Items were sent separately, one from France and one from Italy. It was a bit annoying and inconvenient because I needed to make sure I was in for both deliveries but overall still great experience. Delivery took between 5-7days,so not bad.P.s People who complain about custom charges should pay more attention before they check out their order. It shows if and how much custom you need to pay,if it's too much just don't go ahead with your order!simple as that!!

263

Fast delivery but very  expensive shipping fee to Belgium.

264

Fast shipping, nice choice of products, but very poor choice of sizes, barely anything in IT 46, which makes it almost impossible for me to shop there. Pity because they have a lot of things not available elsewhere.I was also surprised that despite my Silver status and theoretical free shipping for a month, I still had to pay for shipping. It worked out well for me in the end as I chose express shipping and had my package the following day, but all the same, I find it disappointing. If you offer free shipping, it should be free shipping.

265

Purchase process is simple and user friendly

266

Slow delivery from just 1500 miles apart within USA.  I receive other Farfetch packages faster from all over the world.

267

The service and delivery was great and on time, but I wish I had a warning about the amount of duties (almost 50% of the price) I had to pay to release the parcel, which dampened the experience and excitement of receiving the shoes..

268

Ya went bck n charge me 10$ separate from the original price without notifying me

269

Farfetch is very convenient for shopping and good delivery service, but the freight is quite expensive.

270

competitive pricing, very smooth transaction and refund is fast. thanks!

271

Got exactly what I ordered in fast time for international shipment.I wish they could have told me the customs amount before though but it was still worth it.

272

The only reason I didn't give this review 5 stars is that I was not given a choice in shipping.  I really didn't need express shipping for $24.00, but there were no other options.  I do not think it was good customer service for Farfetch to assume that I would want express shipment and to provide no other options, just because an extra discount was promoted.Other than this dissatisfaction, the rest of the order was the usual great Farfetch quality and efficiency.

273

Price and deals you can find at FF are great, especially if you take your time with shopping. Also, delivery is 1/1, super-fast. BUT, it was extremely challenging to buy when their sale started, as page kept crashing down. Besides that, I would recommend buying here!

274

My only problem is packaging When I Purchase High End Products I Would Like To Have The Designer Package As Well So I Experience The Full Quality Of Buying High End Products.

275

It was a great experience and its not my first time 😍, always on time and the packaging is more than perfect 👌, but this time they brought to me a wrong color or maybe its the same but the images was a bit lighter than the real but i liked it also 💕

276

Legit one of the best designer stuffs aggregator online shops so far. Been shopping with them since 2011. Pity their discounts don’t work with most of the better stuffs on permanent collection etcKevin S.

277

First time actually placing an order with Farfetch. Now I understand why the name... these (3 pairs of  Amapo ) jeans came from Spain via Germany, Belgium, then Ohio (USA) then finally to my state Pennsylvania. I wasn’t in a rush to receive the order. It was kinda cool to watch the orders go through the DHL delivery system. Glad to help keep jobs via my order. Thanks Farfetch!

278

Quick and friccionless. I quickly found what I wanted at a great price.The logistics are expensive.

279

kinda think that the bags looks prettier in the pictures than the reality.  satisfied with the duration till it reached, also I had it by DHL and the overall experience was clean and smooth.

280

pretty good prices for the stuff they offer

281

The quality is good.Dilivery is speedy.I'm happy shopping in Farfetch.

282

The service was top notch love the package

283

Quick, easy and very helpful staff

284

Had an okay order experience, but their prices are way too expensive compared to other fashion outlets.

285

Good price and fast delivery.

286

Customer Service was outstanding. Mafalda exceeded my expectations. However the 2nd Moncler vest (size 4=XL ???) which I just received is also very small (almost identical to size 3). I am 5'9 and weigh 155 pounds. These vests do NOT "fit true to size"!

287

Fast transaction, placed the order on Sunday and delivered on Tuesday.Quality wise, a bit disappointed because there's glue residue on top of the shoe.

288

Thumbs up! Thanks for the good service.

289

Great delivery time and a large selection in designer clothes, watches etc. Prices can sometimes be a bit higher than other places,but their great service makes up for it. I can highly recommend

290

Best experience purchasing my first Valentino Rockstud shoes, direct from Italy, $400 cheaper than DJ in aus, all tax & duties inclusive, to door delivery in 3 days via DHL. Shoes in real brand new cond & right size & combo as ordered. Second order of Stuart Weitzman was an ex display. So if you see the partner is “Larizia” be prepared to get a used pair! However customer service was superb straightaway offered return item for me, eventhough I declined - just in case my money not refunded once I returned the item. You never know with overseas sellers...

291

Quick delivery of 1st order.Still waiting advise of delivery of 2nd purchase

292

Will shop with Farfetch again, that’s for sure!

293

Had a few issues with my first order, but I gave the company a call and I was impressed as the delivery from Italy took less than 3 days 👏🏿. Will shop again

294

I shop at Farfetch often. Their customer service is excellent. I gave them four stars because some of the Farfetch partners aren’t very good. I have received worn merchandise. Of course I sent it back but there should be strict guidelines to govern these merchants.

295

Price is higher and that is not always niceBut you find stuff on Farfetch wich you do not find anywhere 🙏🏻👍🙏🏻Pitty that you have to pay the returncost yourselfBiggest problem is that Nike an Adidas are not consistent in there sizingOverall a good online store

296

My order arrived 1 day ahead of schedule. When the delivery company (UPS) arrived at the address nobody was at home. No one contacted me and the order was left in my neighbor's house without prior notice or authorization.

297

it took a little longer to process the order, as the last time i purchased a good it arrived in 24h. nevertheless, overall the service was great.

298

Fast delivery and good wrapping for protection the goods

299

It was really good and I got it delivered to my door but it took around 10 days until I received the hoodie I ordered. A thing that was really good was that they notedied you about were the package were at the time

300

Everything went great. Package arrived fast and was good.

301

I would have prefered that the product to be presented by a model. Presenting simply the product can be misleading

302

Very satisfying experience. Efficient and accurate. Only marked down for excessive use of packaging!

303

I was very pleased with the shopping experience, but my only problem was with the delay in shipping as it was stated that my order would arrive on the 26th/27th but it arrived on the 31st of december. Of course I understand that it’s because of christmas, but it should have been clarified on the website while I was placing my order.

304

You for more unique styles on shoes and clothes, I love  farfertch

305

Order shipped fast wrong size we ask for 5 and they send 5.5 now I have to mail back it was x-mas present now I'm sad my granddaughter

306

The order came in very fast. I was surprised, this order was purchased 3days ago.  Nevertheless, I will returning the item. I don't like the way it fits on my husky frame.

307

Nicely packed and arrive on time, thank you.

308

Really smooth procedure from the moment searching a product until online purchase and delivery. The only thing that I didn’t expect was that the product was not at all same colour with the one of the picture that I thought I bought.

309

Always efficient and easy to use process.  Always on time too.Thank you.

310

The order came a bit later than it's said besides, everything is going smooth.

311

I have several pairs of Santoni Shoes and I wear sizes 9D and 9,1/2 D, 9D is a better fit. I ordered this Loafer in size 9D and they fit larger than the size 9, 1/2's that I already have. I wonder if the Last has changed.I love the shoes and i was considering returning them or exchanging them but you don't have them in an 1/2 size smaller. I don't like insoles but that may be an option also.Thank You,Considering Options,Clinton Hamer

312

Ordered a few times and always had a positive experience. Every once in a while they also have promo codes to make it a better deal.

313

Great items, delivery could have been a lil bit better

314

Good choice and variety of products but high prices

315

I've used FF a few times and they give good customer service. I've never had any major issues with receiving orders or obtaining refunds etc. Bear in mind however that FF themselves are the middle man so you potentially are in the hands of many different vendors worldwide. As a result your experience will vary from time to time as I found out when an item from Brazil was being held at customs for example. You can't blame FF for that but it's still an inconvenience. I would definitely use them in future.

316

I find the experience depends on the store I'm buying from. Some take great care of the product and package carefully with handwritten notes, others don't even include the return policy. I can't comment on returns yet.

317

Packed well, items are not damaged and fast delivery .

318

No problem with delivery or returns, but the pricing is shady as fck.Two exactly the same items, same model, same code, same everything posted twice on the website. One with discount and one full price!What kinda shtt is that? I took screenshots for proof.Still 4 stars cause so far I get what I order and send back with no problem and quick refunds.

319

Great sale price on the sweater I wanted but disappointed having to pay  $25 in shipping charges. Suddenly my great sale price becomes a decent sale price.

320

Mostly happy with your service only a bit disappointed with packaging. It’s delivered with so much dust.

321

Great service, product and packaging but it took a very long time to even prepare the order to ship...longer than it should.

322

Fast, product as same as the photo.

323

Thanks for all, you are beautiful 😍😘  love youu

324

the shipment delivered quickly, but i look forward to have some promotion in the future

325

It’s the best online website for all family

326

The bag I ordeed found a small dent mark on the back of the bag, too trouble to do the exchange but still thanksful for the speedy delivery.  Suggest seller to triple the good before packing will be able to prevent this.  Thank you~

327

Great purchase, fast delivery, happy purchase.

328

nice quality and colourful pattern

329

Good communication, parcel arrived one day after expected deliver but I think that was due to me changing the delivery location, only thing I can fault is that the zip tie on my off white t shirt was damaged but it isn’t a big deal - good service and good price for the item

330

Great selection of European fashion, good service and efficient delivery.The prices are on the steeper side, but remember what you save by not traveling to a store, and another one, and another one, and time you lose i trying out various styles and models. All in all one of the better on line shopping sites for high end fashion.

331

Everything has been very easy to navigate and purchase. I would've thought an expensive sequinned dress would've been wrapped in tissue paper (or something) rather than just put in the box.

332

Everything is good but when process to check out it will count all the goods you add to shopping bag which you only want to pay one or two of them

333

I was concerned as I have read bad reviews of Farfetch - but everyhting arrived as planned. Only reason for 4* instead of 5 is that it arrived in 3 parcels.

334

Very fast and on time delivery.  From order confirmation till receiving the first notice that the order was packed and ready for shipment all within very short period, am impressed!Slight disappointment in the packaging of the miu miu bag tho, was expecting it to come in nicely packed miu miu box perhaps but only in a dust bag, look cheap for a branded expensive waist pouch that I’ve paid.

335

Shipping information was a bit slow, otherwise everything was great.

336

Love for everything from Farfetch. The brand . The price and deliver service .but some time just wait for prepare a bit long .

337

I love Farfetch. However, 20 euro’s delivery cost for a 72 euro product is too much. Also the request for a signature arcfelivery for a product that fits my mailbox??

338

I bought the medium Antigona Givenchy from the site, its quite a good price, maybe $500 cheaper compare if buying in Australia. The parcel was delivered quick, the delivery man from DHL was nice and im really happy with the bag, but im a bit disappointed when it only comes with the dust bag not with the box. I think all the designer bags should come with both box and dust bag. Anyways, this is a good site.

339

customer service is helpful and stuffs are fast delivering!

340

Absolutely amazing customer service, fast shipment and true to size

341

Speedy delivery with good quality items, although some of the original prices are over priced compare to official websites, most of the sales are worth it. Some of the partners are bit random, but generally speaking, Farfetch's own customer service is quite up to the standard.

342

was a bit late based on the estimate but it arrived soon enough and all in tact

343

The DG shoes is a pair of exibit shoes or used shoes as its bottom is worned and also there are some scratch on on the shoes.

344

Most of the times the average sending is 7-8 days it happens to take longer ...Professional threatment ...Good  work !!!!

345

good timing, little expensive shipping, wrong sizing, need to create a better sizing chart

346

I really love the item so much!And I though only customer servise wasreally late reply for my question.

347

I love shopping on Farfetch. I always find an extraordinary selection of clothes and shoes. The reason I didn’t give 5 stars is because there is not enough information about the sizes of clothes. I would love to see the rise and inseam for pants and sleeve length for tops, at the very least.

348

Sizes of footwear needs to be made clearer on web page..... inner sole size would be helpful.Also faster delivery options would be appreciated. I waited 5 days for my delivery. 😢

349

Good experience. Product has to come from Italy so took a few days but understandable. Arrived in perfect condition and packaging via UPS. Quite good price and exactly what I wanted.

350

Remarkably, Farfetch manages to streamline the order fulfillment and shipping of products from boutiques all over the world. Almost every time I've placed an order via Farfetch it's arrived quickly, the items are packed with care, and each piece has been in pristine condition. My last order was anomalous, in that the shirt I received was a different color than what was shown on the product page. That's the one time I've ever had anything resembling a negative experience. Now, if they just fixed the navigation issues on their iOS app and ran promotions more frequently, Farfetch would be perfect.

351

The farfetch partner did a poor job packing the necklace - it was loose and knotted in the box.  The farfetch partner did not include any receipts or return documentation.

352

Very good company very fast delivery would deffo buy from here again

353

Great stuffGreat experienceGreat selection

354

It’s late for one day, another item (Tory Burch) I ordered at the same time not yet arrived and I’m out of town now.

355

Hi even thou I didn't receive the order that I ordered but adavice best shopping ever and it fast

356

With would be 5star if you can ship with original fendi box

357

The customer service is excellent at Farfetch - queries are answered promptly and with attention to detail. I have bought several items over the years and regrettably, two pairs of shoes were delivered to me worn. When I have had to return items, I have noticed some of the boutiques are slow to process refunds, which I feel is disappointing. Otherwise, shopping with Farfetch is great.

358

Good price and packing

359

The shiping was really excellent.But it didn't work well with your pricing. I ordered on Cyber-Monday but did not get the conditions you promissed.A week ago somebody asked me to send the number of my order to help me solve the problem but since then nothing happend.

360

Service was fine. Only thing that was a bit disappointing was that the delivery took quite long. Overall, good experience

361

Fast shipping in a nice and sturdy box. Highly recommended.

362

Overall, it is a good experience, product is legit, shipping packaging is solid and safe.I just wonder why the price (for the exact model and size) is dropped once I confirmed my original order.

363

Good experience

364

I love this website as it always has amazing deals. Also, i love the fact that shipping includes taxes and customs. I received my package and i dont have to worry about ant extra costs!!! I love their customer service treatment and i loved the VIP sale pre-black friday!

365

Quick delivery, but the packaging is not as nice as the ones from net-a-porter.

366

Exact corresping item ad shownVery fast shipment fronte the shop

367

good quality, efficient, worth the money

368

the shipping was very good,but the price is not good as previous years,the discount are not attractive anymore

369

First time purchase from farfetch. A little sad that there was a scratch on the leather and visible scratches on the inner clasp. Could do better.

370

It was a smooth purchase and arrived on time. Thank you

371

I got my items this afternoon in singapore. I really liked it and enjoy to shopping on farfetch website. Thanks for ur servicing

372

Very happy to receive the restore  of the information, I can order immediately, very fast delivery, size information is very correct, very suitable

373

My order was shipped from Spain to Chicago in less than 48hrs. Amazing! I love my Adidas Gazelle Trainers but the color is different from what I was expecting. Online, they appear to be a mid-charcoal grey. To my surprise, the sneakers I unpacked were a rich jet black. I'm still happy with them and won't be returning. But, now I'm longing for charcoal grey...