1

Just awful. Paid 12 pounds for shipping on a pair of pricey shoes, took a week to come, ordered size 8 US. (On their website it literally says US size, no other option) As stated on website. Size 8 US - converts to Size 6 UK. So I was expecting a UK Size 6 to arrive. Instead I got a UK 8 Mens. Called customer service explaining they’ve sent the wrong shoe; and she said she doesn’t even know if I can be refunded the postage. I’m beyond annoyed, as on the box it says ‘farfetch, dispatched from Dover street market’So I googled dover street market, the supplier, they’re selling the shoes with no postage fee. So you’ve whacked on 12 pounds for no reason? Because you’re under the name farfetch? I’m just frustrated - I needed them, I can’t just buy a new pair, they were very expensive. Now I have to wait apparently 20 business days for a refund. Don’t recommend

2

no original packaging.product is fake.

3

Purchased a $2,750 YSL bag, and when i recieved it in person is completely different to advertising photos, not even the same colour or material and says non-refundable. This is unacceptable and I want my money back ASAP. This is the first and last time I'll ever shop here.

4

It took 20 days to get my order after I was initially was only supposed to take around with no communication from the company until after Christmas

5

Ordered some shoes as a Christmas present and box delivered with no shoes in them. That’s bad enough but it’s taken weeks for get an answer on this (missing Christmas) and they say there’s nothing they can do. Crazy. Don’t trust this site.

6

I bought a jacket from Farfetch which was advertised as £471.67, reduced to £283.00 and promoted as 40% off.To my surprise, when I received the item, the original price was still on the label. This stated that the jacket was 399 Euros, around £343 at the time of purchase. At a discount of 40%, the jacket should have cost me no more than £205.80.I have notified Farfetch of this issue, however they have not offered to refund me the difference.I am very disappointed with the service and will take my custom elsewhere in the future.

7

RTHYFRI am very disappointed with this site because I ordered a pair of Dr. Martens boots, which broke down after the first wear. I sent an e-mail and related pictures but they said that they were not worn properly and I have to send them to evaluate them, and it will take up to 3 months, during which time they run out of boots and no money. I wrote after less than 2 weeks and the quality guarantee does not exist or at least is not for the benefit of the client. I will never buy from them again. Sin.

8

I paid for DHL express delivery to make sure I have my shipment by Christmas, now after 18 day I still don’t have package!! Till few days ago it had NOT even been sent! Disgraceful! I’ve contacted customer care numerous times and they tell me I will have my refund when they get the shipment back. How can I send it back if I don’t even have it??? Absolutely terrible service! Don’t order from Farfetch, they keep your money and mess you around!!

9

You send me differents sizes of the shoes, one is 37 and the other 38!

10

This company scammed us. DO NOT BUY FEOM HERE!!!! Absolutely rude staff never aloud me to talk. If I was the director of this company I would seriously go on a customer service course.

11

Made an order for a Christmas gift and paid express delivery to ensure it arrived on time. Delivery estimate was missed and as of 11 days post order it has still not been processed and nobody can say when it will. Customer service non-existent, after numerous phone calls and emails they keep promising to investigate but never make any contact back, or try resolve the issue.Edit post responseFarfetch sent another general email saying it was being investigated 2 minutes before their response. Nearly a week later, still no meaningful update. They claim they are waiting on DHL and the boutique to respond to their emails. Apparently they don’t have the ability to call these companies, they can only email (despite me being able to get through to DHL by phone in 5 mins, who don’t have the package!). They seem to be unclear whether this package has been despatched or not, some customer services staff say it has, other say it hasn’t. Feel like I’m in a constant loop of inaction and incompetence

12

I sent back the swimming bra. I wanted the money back. I only tried it for a once and returned it on time as it was rules. My great surprise, a picture was sent stating that the product is broken and we will not refund you. Unfortunately, I didn't notice it when I tried this swimmng bra. The picture what they send me shows that the seam is broken. Since this product was not small for me, I am pretty sure it was broken before it was sent to me or just bad quality . A quality product ( versace brand) should not break this way when try it ones. I warn everyone before you return, please check the product! They make you quilty and they do not return money! There are no guarantees you get your refund! Warning!

13

I got the wrong order!!! Extremely disappointed for the amount of money I spent to just be send a t shirt.

14

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

15

Purchased a pair of shoes in October - a stud fell off on the first time wearing them and all the other metal details scratched.  Have been emailing customer service for 2 months with zero resolution of the issue.In response to note from Farfetch - the customer service person helping has just repeated the same message I have been receiving for over a month so still no resolution!

16

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

17

UPDATE STILL NO REBATE AND NO GOODS EITHERI had an email from Farfetch on 17/12/21 which said: "Sorry you’ve not received your refundI’ve looked into this for you, and the return shipment is currently on hold"Yesterday, 22/12/21, they emailed me and said it was DHLs fault as they didn't pick up the parcel.  Who would you believe?  This looks like !passing the buck" Don't make the mistake I did and use this company.  Anyone know what legal recourse I have?

18

Their delivery solution is fraudulent and expensive goods are marked as delivered by their trusted delivery partners but items are not actually delivered. They need a better delivery partner for such expensive goods.BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

19

Terrible service A $600 USD order and did not arrive on time !I’ll never use you again !!John V Washko

20

What a vile company to deal with. Have been trying to return some poor quality goods for nearly a month now. On 4 occasions the courier has not turned up despite me waiting in! Trying email customer services is horrendous, you just get the same robot tone from the people who work there who clearly read from a script and can’t think of anything to say themselves and provide no help what so ever. They then lie to say I have stopped contact with them despite me having the emails to prove I have been messaging them. My next steps are to take legal action to reclaim the money. Have sent a letter warning of legal action if a resolution is not reached, but guess what, no one has replied!

21

Ordered a jacket for over £1000 on 01/12/21 an got delivered a box of rubbish from dhl an all I keep getting is that it’s being investigated so I’ve got no money an no jacket. Will never use again

22

TOTAL DISASTER IF YOU NEED TO RETURN GOODS. REBATE NON EXISTENTReturned orders are handled by nothing less than dreadful mismanagement.  I returned 2 items that arrived together The return waybills were totally different.  Package 1 returned 17/11/21 The postal waybill made out to Farfetch in Amsterdam, but not to the boutique in Italy where the jeans originated.  Package 2 returned 22/11/21 the waybill was for the boutique partner in Portugal.  I phoned FF for advice as I found it very confusing and was told that the different waybills were correct.  GUESS WHAT?  The parcel for Italy via Amsterdam is still stuck in customs in UK 6 weeks later.  Parcel 2 eventfully made it to Portugal but it took 5 weeks to arrive/rebate.  The business model for this company doesn't work for customers in UK I feel.  There are too many avenues for mistakes & mismanagement.  The company advertises goods from European boutiques, but there is no consistency.  I see from the reviews that many customers are in my position i.e. no goods and/or no return of money!  Even when the package arrives at FF the company still has to post it to the boutique and hopes that the boutique will return the cost of the item.  I am still almost £300 out of pocket 4 days before Christmas when I need my money badly!  Customer Services make the right noises both on the phone and on this website.  However, FF is just the middleman I think.  It is the boutique that returns to money/or not!!  I guess FF just advertises for the boutiques  Be very cautious. Try a different European company like Net-A-Porter, The Outnet or My Theresa.  These companies package the items beautifully too! So Farfetch, what is our legal right here?

23

Places order on the 10th 11 days later no update regarding my order . Call customer service advised package may be lost

24

I waited for weeks for this jacket and when it finally arrived, it was completely the wrong item altogether and I can’t return it online.

25

purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, the bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Farfetch refuse to offer a refund and are forcing me to accept a replacement fendi ring, which I basically do not want, Farfetch are just missing the point! I have Purchased a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again as they do not appear to operate in line with the Consumer Rights Act 2015!Not interest in any form of a reply from Farfetch as nothing you will say stands any weight unless you are offering a full refund of £200.00 for the fendi ring!

26

Really bad experience and customer service. I ordered a bag on sale 30%. But they never delivered the bag and returned it before I even got it. Now they want me to pay full price for the same bag if I want them to send it again. I ordered the bag in November and here I am 4 days before Christmas without a present for my wife. Be careful to buy anything from this website!

27

I ordered a size 5.5 And I received 7Plz contact me ASAP +972 549197799

28

I had ordered a very expensive 30th birthday present in which was left on a doorstep on a very busy road. Unfortunately by the time I got home from work it had gone. They opened up an investigation and apparently had enough evidence by a picture on a doorstop, the door was closed and no one signed for it, that was enough evidence and I was not entitled to a refund. I was £260 down just before Christmas and it ruined a 30th birthday present. The customer service was absolutely shocking and I will let everyone know and I won’t be using them again.

29

Took almost a month to arrive and when it finally came it was not what I ordered .

30

On August 13th Farfetch delivered an EMPTY package that was supposed to contain a 175,5 euro wallet! The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch and instead of helping they kept me waiting for weeks and in the end did NOTHING and claimed it wasn't their fault. After complaining online again, they sent me this:"After careful review of your order details, we’re unable to issue you a refund for this order. We have confirmed that our partner included your item in the package sent to you.As an added measure, we also checked with the shipping partner who advised the package was not tampered with before or during delivery."In other words they claim that neither they nor the delivery company are at fault and refuse to refund. Did the wallet magically disappear as soon as the delivery person handed it to me??Farfetch: give me my money back!

31

I provided a 1 star because the incorrect size was shippped to my house. This is a Christmas gift for my daughter and now she is not going to have a Christmas gift.

32

Worst site ridiculous not once but twice was sent wrong shoe size crazy first was sent size 9  (I’m a size 10.5/11) second time size 7 this a joke have no idea what’s going on lol this crazy.

33

Show box was worn out and not presentable. Looked like the shoes were used. This is a Christmas gift and I am not happy with the presentation.

34

So, having requested my third (!) pickup, I am still waiting. For some reason I can't get the courier to collect. I have now wasted 12 hours waiting in. I have requested a supervisor call me as I am not getting anywhere, but no-one has; no-one cares. After waiting 10 minutes to speak to someone again, have been offered a drop off option which I am taking as I don't believe anyone will ever pick this up. Please do not use this company. If your item arrives damaged, as mine did, they just won't pick it up and therefore you don't get a refund.

35

Really bad experience. They send me a wrong item and I couldn’t give back because I exceeded 14 days. The worse part is that I haven’t been refund at all. No recommended

36

Thought this company was one of the best, have recently found out it’s clearly not. Bought a product, received it faulty instead of helping the customer in terms of getting a quick refund as it was their error, it’s coming up to a month and I’m still waiting for my refund, I’m going to happily delete the Farfetch after this is finally resolved and not even bother with them again! I’d advise everyone else too also, so many better company’s out there. Brown’s Fashion being one

37

Terrible experience. Faulty item arrived, waited in two full mornings for the returns courier. A week later the return was sent back to me with no reason given. Complicated returns process - the instructions given in the email from customer service differ from instructions given on the website. Avoid - worst retailer I’ve come across.Edit to add - I’ve received a call from the return courier to ask for more information before the return pick up can be confirmed. I am doubtful as to whether the return will be picked up as Farfetch have not responded! Terrible service!!!

38

I purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Bought a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again that’s for sure!

39

This is the worst customer service and customer care retailer that I have ever experienced. My parcel went missing and what they could track with their courier is a picture of a small "child" with an armful of parcels, no indication of the address, house number where they delivered it to. The "child" is not me or anyone I know. I live in a building with 22 flats, Farfetch saying that they are not going to do anything, no refund or replacement as according to their courier it was delivered to my building..??!! But no proof of delivery to me, no picture to proof which building it was delivered to. I tried showing the picture of the 'child receiver' across my building, no one has seen or know the person! All in all, bad service from Farfetch, zero customer care and really a FRAUD as I did not receive the item I paid for and I also paid for signed delivery, so please do not leave my parcel at a random place with random people! Do not buy from this place, there are other better online retailers!

40

I purchased a pricey item from Farfetch, it arrived in an envelope which had been absolutely ruined after being posted all the way from Italy. I complained about the way my designer item arrived and there customer service has been shocking. At first they would discuss it, then they blamed the designer, and now there response is ‘return it’ not one apology in my countless emails to them. Please avoid this company or you will just get headache after headache, there are so many maxing companies out there. Avoid this one, I’m begging you!

41

I've been told that the items ordered were delivered.  They have not. I am disappointed and very concerned.  Will be calling my cc company tomorrow.

42

One of the shirts I received is very poor quality compared to the other yet they are the same brand. I believe it is a fake.

43

My order arrived damaged. It was collected by DHL for a return but they then delivered it back again to me(!) I rang again and the paperwork was not sent as promised so I rang a third time and booked anther pick up that never showed up. I have now rung a fourth time and am still waiting for even more paperwork that hasn't arrived. No-one will take responsibility and no-one has even apologised for the faulty goods. I will never use them again. I just want my refund.

44

Ordered a jacket of 545 euro and it arrived damaged. I sent the article back immediately. Two months later I still did not receive a refund. Its a lot of money and I wonder if I will ever get it back.

45

Was not happy, I paid $1750 for the bag but no proper box, and bag looks second hand.

46

Consistently received scratched sunglasses (3 pairs).  Avoid ordering glasses.

47

I ordered a size 7 trainer and they sent a size 9 spoke to someone on the phone and they said send them back but wouldn’t exchange them for the correct size,I sent them back 5 weeks ago and still not received a refund,seems like they do this a lot reading some of the other reviews I will be reporting them to my bank tomorrow as it’s an absolute joke they took a week to deliver and still waiting 5 weeks for refund seems like they just like holding peoples money.

48

Farfetched is a horrible company. I have never experienced what they have put me through from any other company I have shopped with. I purchased $400 shirt from them on September 2nd because I was referred by a relative. I originally purchased 2 shirts but one was canceled due to it being sold out. My package was scheduled to be delivered on September 9th by fedex the package was supposedly delivered on September 8th. When I called farfetch and told them I hadn't received my package they claim I signed for it and I explained that there was no way I wasn't home I was in a meeting finalizing my child event. The company claimed to have opened up a investigation but closed it after a day and half. I reached out to fedex that told me they see I didn't sign for the package that the driver signed it and put left on the porch. I live in a apartment building and it clearly states this. If the packages was supposed to be signed that should indicate the package is of some value. So no one but me or member of my house should have signed.I contacted my bank that instructed me to resolve it with merchant I sent the letter that was sent to me by fedex executive department stating that driver signed and left the package and the company can file a claim. They just sent me a email after claim was reopen yesterday saying its closed with no detail. They are being completely dismissive to the fact I dont have a package and they are refusing to file claim with fedex. Im currently working with fedex executive department. This is really ridiculous. Im a first time customer and there is no customer service in the poor service they have provided. So they get to keep my money $400 and I have nothing and fedex stated several times they can file a claim. If the package was stolen thats not my fault they delivered with fedex and the driver illegally signed my name. They are now saying I filed a dispute with my bank which they told me too in order to get funds back and they claim its still on going which my bank has confused its not. My bank and fedex are both confused as why a dispute with my bank is preventing them for filing a claim with fedex.@farfetched what is the request for more information? What information your requested? I placed a order i never received I been trying and trying to get this resolved since September. I provided proof from fedex and still getting no help from yall. No customer should receive the level of experience especially new customer

49

Ordered a pair of shoes on November 27. No dispatch notice came through so contacted customer service on December 8. Was assured order was on its way and would arrive before Christmas. Then on December 13 I get an email saying my order is cancelled due to the item not being in stock with the partner and that a refund is incoming in the next two weeks. I then ordered the same shoes from a different site because it seemed like the matter was closed. The next day, I get two emails from Farfetch. One said that they had found the same shoes with a different partner and they’d notify me once they were dispatched. Then, after that, an email saying my refund (for the previous cancelled order) had been processed. This leaves me confused - I’m still getting the shoes but I’m also being refunded? Obviously not, because no business gives away things like that for free. All in all, a totally confusing process. It’s not clear enough to the customer that they’re ordering through Farfetch who source the product from a third party. Better communication needed at all stages of customer journey. Will be returning shoes when they arrive and €160 out of pocket before Christmas. Customer service sub par - communication looked like canned responses. Won’t ever be ordering from Farfetch again.

50

Received a different purse instead of the one I ordered. Very disappointed and will be returning.

51

The trench had stains and marks that probably won’t be fixed by dry cleaning. These were not shown on the pictures and I was extremely disappointed to see the spots when I received my order.

52

still waiting from 26 October for this company to replace or sort a label print that came off coat moncleur after just 2 months.waited for someone to collect coat twice didn't show, 10/12 sent coat back myself and this was the reply,I'm pleased to see that your item is on its way to our partner boutique for an assessment. This process may take 2 to 3 months to complete.The gift we bought was for 8 month old baby I don't think it will fit when we get it back.would not suggest you use this company as they are very bad with problems.26/10 made them aware of issue17/11 they told us to stay in on 18/11 for collection loads of notice for work. 29/11 to arrange pick up 1/12 waited in no one turned upthey said sorryarrange for another collection 10/12 got email 10/12 at 15.23 in the end sent it back myself.19 dec got this message on 14th decBrand assessmentKindly be informed that we will share your feedback with the partner, and will try to push them towards accepting it for a refund.20/12 update but still no refund and still no coat to wear.This is just to let you know, although we do not yet have an update from our partner boutique, rest assured that we are pushing them for a response as soon as possible. Once we hear from them, we will be back in touch.29/12 updateYour brand assessment is nearly completeAs soon as we have an update, we’ll be back in touch.30/12 /21 we have been told we will get a full refund.

53

Further review as I am disgusted and at a complete loss with this company. Can someone please explain what your complaints procedure is? I'm over £400 out of pocket at the moment with no 30th birthday present for my sister. Item marked as delivered on farfetch website but the tracking number I was provided from DHL they have never even received the item. Sounds like fraud to me!!!!! Customer services had the cheek to ask me if this was delivered to a neighbour when the boutique are clearly up to something dodgy. I have been told this is being investigated and they will make contact with the boutique and DHL. Last contact was on Wednesday and no reply to any further emails sent. REFUND ME MY MONEY!!!!!! I don't even want the item anymore I don't want a single thing more to Do with you

54

I had a terrible experience with Farfetch. On August 13th I received an empty package from Farfetch, that was supposed to contain a wallet that I paid 175.50 euros for. The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch to sort things out, and while they said that they would look into things, they did nothing to help. I called and emailed them multiple times, but eventually they just said it wasn’t their fault and I should contact UPS instead. I contacted UPS multiple times but they’re not helping either. They just say it’s “in progress”, but it’s been months now without any news. Even Paypal won’t help me get my money back.Farfetch, give me my money back!!

55

I received the shipment with out the brand box or bag ! How can I send it as gift ! They send it inside plastic bag only !!!!!!

56

My replacement item was horrible it did not come with authenticity card or the bag or box that YSL has. The bag was literally rolling inside a huge box I’m so aggravated and will not kee an item like this when it was supposed to be a brand new product. I can not gift this it looks like it came out of my closet very lack luster ! I have definitely had a horrible experience with far fetch this far.

57

After purchasing the product a week, it has extra 30% off on this item, and I’m super irritated. I had already used it, so I cannot return it and repurchase it.

58

Don't buy from this companyWe ordered TAGLIATORE trench coat for our niece, but their website failed to mention the material is dotted with sequins throughout. The gift is to celebrate her first job after graduating from uni, so there was a huge disappointment when she realised it was not suitable to wear to work. It's more for night out. After a discussion we decided to return, and she promptly returned the item via their courier pick up with tag, the coat and box intact. She even took a photo as an evidence before handed it over to a courier. Now after 10 days they are claiming the item was damaged and there was no tag in the box. The coat is £542 and it's not a cheap item. Looks like they won't refund. Very disappointed and it's a reminder that we shouldn't buy an expensive item from other country.

59

DON’T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY. RETURNS GET LOST NO REFUND FROM BOUTIQUES OR FARFETCH.  On 09/11/21 I ordered 3 items kept one returned 2. The cost of the two returned jeans was £731. They were from different boutiques in Europe. On 22/11/22 I was told that one had arrived in Amsterdam on route for Italy The 2nd pair needed to be returned to Portugal. Neither have arrived in the 2 boutiques by 09/12/21 I’m told that they are being held up in customs. Farfetch took no responsibility and blamed DHL and DHL blamed Farfetch. Meanwhile I am owed £731  I have neither the jeans or my money just when I need it for Christmas. Other reputable companies like Net-a-Porter, YOOX, My Theresa and The OUTNET have no difficulty with returns to Europe. Why does Farfetch? Good idea for a company but very badly managed since Brexit which happened almost a year ago! Don’t make the mistake that I made.

60

Absolutely terrible!! Order parcels they never arrive!! Farfetch blame DHL and DHL blame Farfetch fir not providing proper documentation Never again!  Do not buy from far fetch!

61

I ordered a black tabi but receive a navy one

62

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

63

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

64

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

65

I made an order on the 25th November and paid the extra money for faster delivery. Not sure what use this has done, still waiting for this to even be received by courier. Can someone from customer service please contact me with a proper response on when this item is being shipped???? I am sending emails daily, and I am getting nowhere.*edit to say that I would like more than a standard "this is already being investigated" message in return. Clearly nobody is investigating this for me!!!! I would like to be contacted with the upmost urgency

66

I got this Prada bag for my fiancé and it came in used shape with plenty of scratches and paint all over the bag. The bag didn’t came with Pradas originally box, neither did they send Pradas dust bag, the bag came with 2 different certification/ID-no and none of them belonged to my bag! It didn’t say anything about being preowned or an “exhibition item” on their webshop. Their customer service apologized and told me that I will get a refund when I’ve returned the bag BUT THEY WILL NOT price match the discount that I got for my Gold membership. That’ll mean I have to add 240 % more than the price that I gave for the bag to get a new one. Apparently it’s their policy to not guarantee the customer/member their discounts bonuses that they collect shopping from them, they’ll not guarantee the authenticity and it’s condition of the item,I will never buy anything from this fraud company again!

67

Gucci trainers were bought for me from Farfetch for my birthday that were nice but not suited to my taste. As we were only able to meet a couple of weeks after they were ordered, we had to request a return outside of the 14 day Returns policy and received 2x "computer says no" responses from customer services, followed by exactly the same via a phone call.We shop frequently from Farfetch and for them not to take a return for a brand new untouched item within 30 days (or even offer an exchange) feels ridiculous. Won't be buying there again.

68

The worst experience ever! Bought a pair of Jimmy Choo shoes (495EURO). The shoes were not brand new, clearly the sole looked 'used'. Immediately I called up the customer service, the guy on the other end was very nice and kind (the only good experience), he immediately created the return lable and requested for immediate return. We followed his instructions.... and then the nightmare started! For more than 3weeks there was no response and when calling the customer service they only said its in process... eventually after putting pressure they said we sent the shoes after use and that their reseller does not accept our return. They literally said they its our word against their reseller's word! But did i buy from their reseller?? or did we not follow the instructions from farfetch! After a traumatic weeks passing by (500 EURO for shoes is not less!) and putting pressure via customer service of Jimmy Choo, finally we received our money back. During COVID period, I have become a online shopping adict and never had any issues by anyone. However after this experience at Farfetch, i decided to be cautious and NEVER EVER buy from them!

69

I ordered two items from the same provider however only one item was placed in the shipping box. The missing item was a Christmas present and now won’t be received because of this error. I have escalated an investigation into this.One very disappointed Farfetch customer.

70

1. Seems no after sales service even raise out the problem to customer service 2. The packaging of the product received is bad, seems to be opened by different people for many times3. No dust bag received while compare with purchasing from the same brand in their specialty store.4. Bad smell of the product when received

71

Ordered some trainers they arrived in poor condition, scuff marks on the toe, glue marks on the shoe from manufacturing and some odd bleach-like marks on part of the material. Looked like they should have been a second or even fake. Customer service booked a return which didn't show up so I had to request a second time. In the end they were picked up, over three weeks ago, and still no refund. Customer service emails have been atrocious, they just keep sending me their pre-written '14 day returns policy' and not responding to my actual questions. Have just spoken to someone on the phone at customer service. Apparently the partner was questioning the condition of the shoe I returned, even though I sent photos of the quality a couple of hours after delivery, also they sent them to me in that condition??A refund is imminent apparently but who knows... I don't hold much hope. I would NEVER EVER buy from this company again. Absolute worst online shopping experience.

72

package open. The product is underwear and in farfetch sit the pictures is streetwear.Terrible experience

73

Worst customer service will never use farfetch again returned an item and they are refusing to give me my return

74

Very bad website, inhuman experience. As soon as the goods purchased by the 20% discount activity are received, the 30% discount and freight free activity is opened immediately. You can't make up the difference. (other shopping websites can) Customer service communication is difficult, and the price of goods is very high. No more orders.

75

I purchased the item via the Single Day sale. However the items was lost by the courier. Until now, neither Farfetch or DHL want to take responsibility. There is no customer service at all. It is frustrating to keep chasing them and feel as if they are delaying the refund as much as they can.  Item supposed to be delivered on 18 Nov and there are no update on whatever investigation until now. I will say buy at your own peril. Service standard is getting worse for sure.

76

I bought the item during sale. Today II got it and it is wrong size - I ordered S size but it was XS in the box. I am really disappointed with such Farfetch mistake. I have to return it and I can not order it again because there is no discount anymore. And I paid shipping costs which I guess not refundable

77

Wrong size Ordered a us Size 11.5

78

Twice ordered never received anythingGood luck with them

79

There prices are way to high compared to other websites further more I noticed a particular item that was further reduced to 20% off sale only to realise the had bumped up the sale price so I would being paying more even with the 20% off, what a joke.You insult your customers and lose them at the same time with this fraudulent sales technique. Extremely disappointed when you try to fool your customers like that.

80

FarFetch doesn't guarantee that they have the product they're selling.  They'll list an item, sell it to you, give you a receipt, then reveal that they don't have it and it will take 14 days to get a refund.  They take ZERO responsibility if they make an error.  This is a SCAM website, not a luxury retailer.  I missed out on all other BF sales because I put my trust in this fake company.  Go to Saks or Nordstroms instead- they actually guarantee the products they advertise.  Customer service rude and unhelpful- was told to buy it at full price when back in stock.  Avoid at all costs!

81

So disappointed with Farfetch, was first time to use this company and can’t believe how I’ve been treated. Order high quality goods with price tag to match and received extremely poor customer service for very expensive item not received , they blame their courier company (DHL ) and expect me to deal with DHL but it’s Farfetch that I have the contract of sale with !

82

I purchased a black leather handbag in the Black Friday sale discounted by £122 - when it turned up it was a grey. I contacted customer services but they said the only way was to return it for a refund.  The bag is still available but now back to full price £430.  All they offered me was free postage on my next purchase which was only £10!!!! Not exactly a gesture of good will!!!Also I see a previous post by Ana below remarking on the different costs shown on her airway bill to that shown on the website.  I think we’ve bought the same item as I’d noticed that too.  Exact same amounts she referred to was what I found.I’ve bought a few things from Farfetch but won’t be doing so in the future.Really makes me angry when you’re buying high end items to have such awful customer service!!!!!

83

Extremely disappointed. Ordered a handbag for which they charged me £345 (claiming it was heavily discounted). In the order update email a few days later showed that my item cost £328. But when I received the bag, the invoice inside showed that the bag cost only £274 (including all duties, taxes, shipping).And when I contacted customer service, the only thing they told me was how unique their online operating model was! Yes, it is truly unique... will never deal with you again.

84

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

85

Steer well clear of this unscrupulous company. I returned an item worth £150. Three months on and still no refund. Customer care is slow to respond and don't listen or read their emails properly. Despite many phone calls and a chain of emails to their customer service team clarifying that I had received the item but then returned it due to wrong fit, via their courier (DHL), it transpires that their team have been investigating on the basis that the item not delivered to me in the first place.  ​They are now claiming that the item was not in the package when I returned it, thus accusing me of stealing which is not the case.I’m sure this company is great until something goes wrong. I thoroughly regret using Farfetch and would NEVER use this company again. I only wish that I had read similar Trust pilot reviews before  shopping with them.

86

Cos of u haven’t provide promotion code for me

87

Boxing is so cheap and not classy I think it will come with a box and bag not inside the shipper box and I'm so sad because it's a gift

88

I received a totally different tshirt ordered. This is really unprofessional and unacceptable.

89

WORSE WEBSITE.ORDER CANCELLED 5 TIME FOR NO REASON.VERY DISSAPOINTED

90

Fast shipping.  Unfortunately, the quality was very bad.  I bought a pair of sport shoes two weeks ago.  Now the leather was peeling off.  I’m really disappointed about Stella McCartney.  But nothing I can do.  No channel for complain.

91

Just spoke with a customer rep, Caroline, who was incredibly rude. She kept misunderstanding the issue and in the end-- after a 30 minute call--she was said she can't help for me to email customer service so a supervisor can get back to me in 24-42 hours. The rudeness level for a customer rep is so surprising. I hope farfetch is able to monitor some of these calls to train their employees how to speak with customers.

92

The price adjustment never works. Even when you provide evidence showing that the price of the item dropped(with the same size). They refuse to make price adjustment. This happens several times. I have been using Farfetch for more than 6 years. But I am really disappointed right now. If you ask for a price adjustment at Ssense, they will give you a refund in 5 minutes. Just an example for the contrast.

93

Bag looks used. No labels, no plastic stickers or papers to protect the metals, belt already attached to bag. Bag not in original louboutin packaging/box but in a disposable bag. Not polished (full of finger prints) looks dirty. Total disappointment

94

I have used Farfetch numerous times and considered myself a loyal customer. I recently bought a pair of Jil Sander boots, after 6 weeks they came away at the seam - £770. Customer service from ‘Branca P’ was completely unhelpful and abrupt. Will not be using again.

95

The shoe I ordered was black but when I received the shoe, it is white. Since I made some extra payment for the customs it is very difficult for me to send the order back to you. I wanted to inform you about the situation. I have been shopping from you for a long time, it is the first time I am in such a situation and I am very dissapointed.

96

Fake seller.No return possible, however it was advertised.

97

Real Problems at Farfetch. Ordered item, after 7 days nothing sent, then suddenly showed order delivered. No Refund and are not discussing issue with me. It seems others are also having issues at the moment. Stay clear!

98

My dress is NOT NEW!!! It is a display item because it has the Anti-thief sensor still attached!!  I have received my dress on 10th Nov and tried it on, it fit well. So I cut off the labels and planned to wear it the next day. Unbelievably there is an Anti-thief Sensor still attached on my dress !!!! I have called customer service 2 times and they asked me to go to the shopping mall and ask the shop to detach for me. It is the worst decision I made. I went to the mall and tried 5 shops, the people looked at me like I am a thief. No shops are willing to detach for me. So I called customer service again and they said they will get back to me again soon. Then I waited 5 days, there is no response. So I arranged to return myself on 15th Nov. Then a day later I finally received their reply after 6 days. They said they need to ask the shop to "help". I was like ???? It was their fault!! It is their responsibility! They sounded like it was my fault and they were helping. No apologies at all. My dress is still with them and I did not get any update unless I ask. I am a regular customer and I am really disappointed this time.

99

I have had a terrible experience with FARFETCH.  Three weeks ago, my item cleared customs and it has been stuck in Indiana ever since.  No one can tell me when or if it will ever come! Stay AWAY!

100

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

101

I ordered this bag along with another YSL bag from FARFETCH for my Mother’s birthday. Unfortunately I cannot review EITHER bag, as despite being marked as “delivered” on my FARFETCH account, I have not received either of them.Having previously had wonderful experiences ordering through FARFETCH, I trusted that they would deliver my goods as usual. This was NOT the case however, after taking my money & approving the purchase, sending a second confirmation that the order has been processed & in transit to my country (thus entering into the partner-customer contract as outlined in section 7 of the terms & conditions on the FARFETCH website), both items were shipped to my address as normal, cleared customs & processing all normal & timely as you expect with DHL express. I received an email from FARFETCH asking me to review my order & saw that my account had updated to show the order had been delivered. This was not the case, it had not even arrived in the same state. I contacted DHL to see what was going on with the tracking as it was inconsistent with what FARFETCH’s system reflected, and DHL told me that FARFETCH had requested for the items to be returned to the shipper. They saw no reasonable explanation for this as both packages cleared all customs processing & advised I call FARFETCH for further assistance & clarification and that DHL needed FARFETCH to contact them to allow them to continue ahead with the delivery to my address. Several days of phone calls back & forth with FARFETCH & DHL later, BOTH my items have been sent back to the shipper, despite being reassured by FARFETCH representatives that they would contact DHL to have it delivered to me as scheduled. (When in fact, DHL informed me that they received a second request from FARFETCH to return the items to the shipper & not deliver to me).Throughout all this time I received no correspondence or explanation from FARFETCH as to why this was happening. Each time I called FARFETCH said my items would still be delivered to me this week & also that a supervisor would contact me ASAP. I still have not gotten to speak with anyone in management (the Customer Service Advisors were all very polite & tried their best, but it was obviously a matter that needed urgent attention from someone higher up, so they are not to blame).I am also still awaiting replies to my emails to FARFETCH Customer Service requesting an update on what is happening & when I can finally expect my orders to be delivered, like I said, I have received no correspondence from FARFETCH excluding the confirmation emails of my orders, the second emails detailing my order with receipt & tracking information already in transit, automated email stating my delivery would arrive today (it did not, it is currently on a plane in Singapore on it’s way to the Netherlands - the very opposite of what a FARFETCH Customer Advisor promised me yesterday during a telephone conversation). On my FARFETCH account it says that both orders have been delivered, however they never left the possession of DHL & I have all of the tracking information to evidence this. I have tried to be very patient & gracious as I understand it is a busy time of year, however I feel as though I cannot trust FARFETCH to deliver on their promises and I am very upset that I have no gifts to give to my Mother for her 60th birthday celebration this week. I would just like for my goods to be delivered as promised (and as the Partner Boutique is legally obligated). As I stated in the beginning, I have always had a pleasant & speedy experience ordering through FARFETCH & have recommended it to countless friends & family members. I am very anxious & hesitant to proceed with any further business through FARFETCH if this issue is not resolved satisfactorily & succinctly. It is because of my previous experience that I am putting my faith in FARFETCH to do the right thing & I have not spoken ill of them to anyone. Please deliver my orders to me.

102

I received a different dress from this order which is a big mistake I first time encountered!  Please look into the matter ASAP’

103

Ordered versace joggers and they have been lost . No one will refund me or send me another item it was ordered on 6/11/2021 and today is 23/11/2021.  I have phoned everyday since ordering and Advisers are not helpful and DHL are the worst who don't have a clue  where the package is ! Please do not buy from here or expect your item to arrive on time.  They think that refunding the £10 delivery fixes the issue but how about being £165 out pocket !!!

104

I was sent a black belt. Not the color I ordered.

105

I ordered a small white antigona bag.I received a nano antigona greyish colour. I am so disappointed.I have to return it.

106

Personally won’t shop here again. I bought an item on the 6/11/21, that stated 3-7 days deliveryI’ve emailed sales@furrfetch twice with no reply at all.Now the 21/11/21 and have no idea where it is, if it’s on the way, if I’m ever going to receive it. Bad customer service, poor communication = Bad review.

107

Do not shop FarFetch. I repeat do not shop FarFetch. I ordered a dress. After my delivery date passed I inquired as to the whereabouts. It was held up in customs for 12 day. Had no idea it was coming from abroad. Was charged $30 day for “housing of item” from DHL. DHL needed info from FarFetch before they would release from customs. It took FarFetch over a week to even address my issue with DHL. FarFetch customer service could careless and took an arrogant attitude. In the meantime, I needed the dress for an event and it did not arrive in time. FarFetch is not worth the aggravation.

108

Bad service for those in the UK, especially if you're trying to return any items. Confusing process and takes a huge amount of time. Would shop elsewhere if you can.

109

Sent the wrong item repeatedly - this company operates as a platform for boutiques to sell - they don’t care about accuracy or whether they send you the right item. What’s worse is that they don’t correct the item page and you get back in stock emails which is how I ended up getting the wrong item for the second time. Waste of time.

110

Not happy with the service at allI mistakenly input a discount code which cancelled the ‘Singles Day Discount’. This meant I paid moreInstead if reversing this I was told to return the items Extremely poor customer service

111

Caution - Fulfillment of your order is not guaranteed.I have been a loyal customer for 7 years and have recently submitted a claim for an order I placed, that was not delivered. ( I was home and their courier did not arrive) Farfetch claims the order was delivered to the address provided and refuses to reimburse me for my loss.I have escalated to their management and am shocked by their poor Customer service and business ethics.Farfetch used to be run very differently and I have been loyal and committed, as I trusted them. Disappointing.

112

As soon as the bodysuit arrived in the mail I took it out to try it on and the zipper immediately came off. Almost like it had been hanging on by a thread already. I think the quality control needs to be more diligent especially for some of the new non-brand designer names that are sold on the website.

113

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

114

They sent me the complete wrong palm angels T-shirt, really not happy. Expected for the price that it would be packaged better too, no protection. Judging from some of the reviews on here I ended up with one of the better experiences! Avoid

115

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

116

I ordered a designer dress which I received on the 07th October. Since it did not fit me, I returned it immediately on the immaculate state I received it in. The dress was collected from me, on the 08th October, by a courier of Farfetch’s choice. On the 23rd October, I contacted Farfetch about the status of my refund, and they informed me they haven’t been able to locate the dress. It is now the 15th November, and they still haven’t located the dress, and as they say, since “the investigation is still ongoing” they cannot process my refund. At this point, I would like to be able to raise a formal complaint, which when I asked their staff on how to do it, they simply ignored it. I cannot wait any longer for a refund  as this is just ridiculous. I believe Farfetch does not have the right to hold my money when I returned the item immediately after I receiving it!

117

Unfortunately, I just has a horrible transaction experience here with Farfetch.  I just had them close my account because they tried to sell me full price on a Tom Ford jacket which I purchased on a discount.  They really could not have cared less about how unfair this was to me (the customer). Nor did they make any effort to correct the matter.  Be careful, they will not hesitate to rip you off....Sincerely, Thomas 10/17 Today, after Farfetch contacted me by email for more information about my disappointed experience. I thought,  great,  they may want to reconcile my bad experience.  I called them as they requested. I encountered a very rude agent named Felipe and then Torres (who failed to help but was courteous)  I asked to have a manager or at least the person who responded to my complaint call me back but, they refused.  This company is just set up to abuse the customer, it's very upsetting to me. They are just not equipped to provide a decent service.  I wish other customers a better experience.  Sincerely, Thomas C.

118

DOES NOT STAND BEHIND WHAT THEY SELL - I was mistakenly sent something from this company - I did not order it! I called FARFETCH and they gave me an RA. I immediately sent the item ($2060 sneakers!!) back to the company. The company sent me back the item and said that it was FAKE!!! I said "YOU SENT THEM TO ME!" I didn't even remove them from the box! I called FARFETCH and they will do nothing for me.  Beware, they are selling very expensive things on this site but they do not own, or stand behind any of it. You are left to fend for yourself.

119

Very bad service ..i ordered a phillip plein belt and i got a tracking information but it has been returned to the shipper and still i havent got any refund..farfetch didnt even tell me this that it has been returned and just closed my order

120

The only company that doesn’t let you pay by paypal been trying to buy an item for the past hour lol

121

THEY SEND ME THE WRONG MODEL, the lacesat the end is damage.

122

I ordered a expensive Dolce & Gabanna belt on Farfetch. The belt didnt match the description at all, so I sent it back without even try it on. 2 weeks later I got info, that a return is not possible, because the belt has scratches. Unbelievable, dont shop there!!

123

Hi, I bought a pair of sneakers only to realize, after a month (after return period garantee), that the description of the shoe did not match the shoe I had recieved. I ordered a full leather shoe, but got a shoe with a rubber tip. I discussed back and forth many times with a friendly customer service representative, who finally said that I should send the shoe back. I did so, and got the same shoe, cleaned up, back, which really did not adress- or solve my problem. I was told that Farfetch could do no more..

124

Besvarelse fra Farfetch

125

Terrible customer service. Attitude and no accountability.  If anything goes wrong not worth the discount.Now they are asking for more info yet I have repeatedly asks Daniel to have a manger call me and he refused. They are a nightmare with the worst arrogance.

126

I never received my package. The instructions read that a signature is required. I don't know where the package ended up. I was home all day and nobody rang my bell, nobody knocked my door, and I went through the neighbors and asked if they mistakenly got my package. I have NOT received my package.

127

I received the shoes today, but the size is wrong.. it is 46.5 not size 45 as explained by customer service team!! I have contacted the customer service team to make sure the size is correct, but still received the wrong size!!!This is very disappointing and unprofessional service!

128

impossible to deal with Fedex.  cant stay home waiting for package.  I signed door tag and they still would not leave.  and the operators there aren't helpful

129

My wife bought a pair of designer shoes from this joke of a company. The shoes were not right for her so she tried to return them for a refund. Three times this company has said they would send a courrier to pick up the package and yes, three times this has failed to happen. No apology, no service, and as far as I can see, no clue! I tried to intervene as my wife was getting very upset, to see what was happening, but the customer service agent, who clearly had little training in customer service, advised me that because of GDPR  she was unable to help. I pointed out, having given her all the references, order number and tracking numbers that I didn’t want any access to the account I simply wanted to know if there was going to be any delivery today, as promised. I admit I got cross on the call which I regret,  as these shoes need to be refunded within a certain time and this company doesn’t seem to care about other peoples time or money. If you are thinking of using this company, my simple advice is don’t. Appalling service.

130

I was very unhappy with my latest purchase. The item’s price is decreased before it’s shipped out so I kindly asked them to give me back the discount. I didn’t want to send back and rebuy it to avoid the paperwork. But they didn’t help me and as I see the item price has been increased since then. I was very dissapointed.

131

I placed an order on October 28, 2021 and another order on October 30, 2021. Yesterday, November 8, 2021, there was 22% off promotion. I have called customer service to get a price adjustment and was denied because the order was placed over 7 days ago. This order has NOT even been delivered yet! I tried looking up the policy online but have been able to locate anything. Regardless, it would be common sense to do the adjustment as the order has not been delivered. I was on hold for 38 minutes to speak to a supervisor and was unable to be located – really, how is that possible? Today, November 9, 2021, I am still waiting for the supervisor call back and I cannot process a return and repurchase at the 22% discount because the orders are NOT fully delivered yet and now the 22% discount is no longer available. Customer service for your company is absolutely terrible especially considering how much money I have been spending here! As soon as my pending transactions are processed, I will be canceling my account and you will never see a penny from me.Update, November 9, 2021: a pair of expensive shoes from one of the orders arrived today. The soles and the letters inside the shoes of the designer name are faded. Obviously, the shoes have been worn!!! Terrible, terrible, just terrible!!!! Shop somewhere else!!!

132

I’ve been shopping with Farfetch for many years and it’s been nice because I haven’t really had to deal with customer service. However, on my last purchase I bought a Stella McCartnwy black knit shirt that I really like, a few days after it was purchased I wore it and it was fine but on my way out the door I noticed from the mirror there’s a small hole under the armpit area, it was black so I missed it when I tried it on. Upon examining it there’s actually two other tiny holes elsewhere. I contacted Farfetch and they did looked into it with me send my them pics abs Bc the tags were cut off. I was told the return could be done so they sent be a UPS label a week later, which I had to follow up. I had to constantly follow up this return which took almost two months! All Bc of the tag being cut off. In the email and calls made by me, two of their representatives both told me that even if their boutique rejected the item due to tags not attached they would still refund me, they even emailed me a code of $30 as a courtesy, sounds great so far right? After not hearing from them after the boutique receiving the item, they emailed me saying the item cannot be refunded, against what their email and phone calls to me previously. This was a nearly $600 shirt, can you imagine? From the very beginning I asked if they shirt can be exchanged Bc I really like it, but they didn’t have it in stock. They seems to not be in the same page since I’m hearing different things. So I called again and that’s when all disappointed goes down hill, they got this guy as their rep who was basically playing games making remarks like I’m out to trick them if some sort, I asked him I wanted a replacement , he sets up all sorts of sarcastic remarks and when I asked if I can speak to a supervisor he says no, when I insisted he told me there’s no possible way of contacting a supervisor Bc the case is close. It was no longer about the return but rather about his beyond rude attitude , what kind of company has no supervisors? He was out to get me with his “word” games… for a second I forgot my point of the call Bc I was so focused on arguing with him. What kind of representatation is this? He is the front of the company, the face of it. When I told him that you guys repeats said Farfetch will refund me his email and phone sns even gave me a code as a courtesy abs he said “ yes, that is way beyond the worth of your time” I was in disbelieve, I’d Farfetch is reading this pleas for back to that call, as you said all calls are recorded. Never again Farfetch !!! If you’re a good customer , pay them and follow every policy they wrote then by all means you will live them, but IF you ever run into a special circumstance, even in the boutiques they are willing to help… don’t count on getting the exchange/ refund you deserve, $600 donated to Farfetch, I have this feeling in my stomach like I’m literally being scammed by this company.  One, their reps don’t read notes and not aware of your case, one person saying things differently than another like they don’t even know their process. Second, have you ever seen a gay person argue? That’s the rep they for helping me! He attacks the customer abs out to get you, like are you saying I’m lying? Making stuff up? It’s so unprofessional. Third, this company got no supervisor for you to talk to so incompetent gay men is all you got. I feel so sorry for all the kind and sweet representatives Bc one guy like this changes everything for them. My one advice, put your item under the microscope before cutting the tags, it’s not like the boutiques, they work differently at Farfetch. $600 for a lesson learned , a total scam , they put up their hands and basically says too bad sorry! They have their calls recorded but got no supervisors to listen… what kind of company got no supervisors for you to talk to???? Freaking scam!

133

I ordered size Xl and I get S. but the quality of product was very good . So one star its for system not for product.

134

Horrible!!! Wrong item, I bought a white Nike Sakai shoes for over $600 and receive a totally different ugly, cheap and fake Shoes not even worth a quarter of what I paid for. Total waste of my time! Bad customer service bad everything! You guys suck big time! I’m returning every other thing I bought from Far fetch and NOT COMING BACK!

135

Ordered a YSL card wallet as a gift. 2 days of use and the YSL logo has completely worn off. Returned the item ( 5 days from when it was delivered) and was told that they had received other complaints about this item being faulty and to expect a full refund. Refund was issued however minus the shipping fees. I contacted customer service to ask them why I should cover the shipping fees of a faulty item. Not only did I have to go to the hassle of returning the gift but also I have to pay for it? The reply I received back was that as it had been used they had already made an exception to accept the return and therefore they cannot make another and refund the shipping. We found out the product was faulty because we had to use it and had it not been faulty we had no intention of returning it. 2 days of normal use for a designer product the label should not come off. It was returned 5 days from delivery and as stated from a customer support agent they were aware from other customers of this faulty issue. It’s unacceptable that the customer should have to cover the shipping costs for a faulty product. So now I’m left with no gift, hassle of returning the item but also have to pay the shipping costs 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼

136

Send me wrong color shoes and wrong size and didn’t let me return them Be careful they have real bad service !They really played with me I order this show on june 27 and GOT AT ONLY AT end of Augost !!! In the mean times I called about 5 times and ask to cancel a order never got any replay and every time I called they sad they will check (they no idea what to tell me and why is it take so long ) ABD THE. FINALLY MID AUGOST I RECIVE THE SHOES BRAND I ORDER For 370$ in the wrong size !!! And wrong color white instead of black and 41 instead 42 Called to place return they was really nice say DHL will stop pick it up Monday ,NO ONE SHOW … waited two or three weeks cause I was out of town when I got back I called again to check (Look how much work they made me work and so much time waisted for BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE !!! Worst!!! I’m never buying in this web site again !!! Then they telling me it’s too late to place return !!!! Even after they shipped at two month late! Wrong size! Wrong color! Send them all pictures and proofs and they was a nightmare abd didnt gave me refound…. Hopefully I’ll be able to sell them but BE CAREFULL FROM THIS AITE AND MAKE SURE YOU FOLLOW UP THEY AILL TRICK YOU!!!! Be aware and carefull it’s sucks have someone stilling from you 370$ like that

137

Ordered some jeans 2 months ago they took the money but never sent my jeans

138

While I love the boots, the delivery experience was horrible. It was incredibly difficult to get hold of Fedex. They left two times when I was in the apartment waiting for the package without trying to ask the leasing office for me. I had to go pick up the package myself by paying $70 in Lyft fees.

139

I purchased what are supposed to be genuine Versace earrings for my nephews birthday and they look very fake compared the Versace website.  When I emailed with photos of them, the spiel I received was a waste of time.  I asked to return them for my money back and was told my 14 days had expired.  I didn’t realise the 14 days would be a rule when the product I paid for is not the product I received.

140

So I ordered £635 worth of clothing from Farfetch on the 26th of September it is now the 2nd of November and I have not received a refund or the items! Farfetch claims they delivered it to a neighbour on the 1st of October, however, my neighbour did not receive it. When I checked the tracking and the picture of the parcel being delivered, I then saw a picture of the parcel being delivered to a completely different door. I live on a private road and every door on my road is brown with a classical brown brick house format. However, the picture of the delivery showed my parcel being delivered to a white house with a grey door that looks nothing like any house on my road. I phoned Farfetch and they told me it was delivered to my neighbour I explained the situation and they said they will investigate. 2 weeks pass and they tell me they can't refund me because it was delivered. What a joke that is. I phone again to explain the door situation and they ask for pictures of the doors on my road. After I sent them they agreed it was not the same door shown in this picture and that they will investigate further. Till this day (2nd November 2021) I have not received a refund or an outcome from Farfetch . This is my first and last time shopping with them. What terrible customer service.Update: On the 8th of November I received an email about a refund from Farfetch. There was no apology whatsoever however, I am happy that I have got my money back.

141

It’s the first time I’ve bought clothes off FARFETCH and it’ll be the last,please don’t buy nothing off them they are RUBBISH!Been waiting for a refund now for over 2 weeks…AVOID!

142

I purchased Prada boots, they came and when I opened them up there were  Vince shoes- they said they came directly from Prada- Prada is not taking responsibility nor is Farfetch. Someone needs to be responsible for this as I spent over 1000.00 on boots and got a fraudulent product.

143

left parcel at clearance at dhl for 3 weeks and counting, no refund or discount given, constantly lied to by staff saying it will be handled "soon". very unprofessional from a popular online store

144

Item ordered on 10/02/2021 After wait for almost a month, now they returning this item back to sellerTerrible service

145

Hi people .I purchased a jumper online and wanted to put my review.Farfetch website showing a jumper worth 272 $us.when I purchased it they charged me 392 $US and after calling several times they said it’s your bank charges for overseas transaction.and when I received this parcel overseas they charged me another 300 US$.I would never recommend anyone to buy from Farfetch.they always misinform and once you buy something you can’t do anything just like me at the moment.poor service and worst customer service experience.

146

Please don’t purchase through this company. I thought it was trustworthy but they are incapable of dealing with problems. My return is held at customs I suspect because of their poor attention to paperwork. The problem is always someone else’s fault or beyond their control etc. I am fearful that I will never receive my refund. This was not an inexpensive item so purchasing from this company is a financial risk. The help from their customer service is merely to repeat the same message. I have called and emailed several times but they refuse to get involved in sorting out the issue. The operators are working from home and don’t escalate issues to supervisors or line managers. There is no formal complaints process. I don’t usually leave reviews but I have no other means of redress. You have been warned.

147

Fake bag disquared do not buying. I bought Disquared bag 550£ and it’s broken for 1 month it’s not leather 100% its like zara bag .

148

I wish I could leave zero stars!Take my advice and order straight from the designer. If your item becomes faulty within the year warranty, Farfetch take no responsibility for it and tell you there is nothing they can do as they purchased from a boutique. They then say the boutique are unable to help! Months of trying to return & exchange for a non faulty item and still not getting anywhere.

149

I ordered and paid for GZ blabber low top crystal trim velvet sneakers. You delivered, high tops with gold trim. Something I neither like nor want. Needless to say I'm annoyed and disappointed after waiting for 4 days and paying almost twice the selling price to clear the item with customs. What is your plan to remedy this as I cannot afford to pay customs to send it back and pay customs for the third time to receive (possibly another wrong) order again?

150

terrible customer service I have never seen worse I am so unhappy I placed an order about two months ago it was a €700 bag which came on the box was empty I have sent about 1 hundred emails to the customer service of far-fetched but there has been so response or progress I do not recommend very bad company and service will be taking legal action soon

151

Ordered it so long ago, got lost in transit never saw it and then I just got my money back not even a replacement. Kinda sad

152

Two week return policy is a joke.Unhelpful staff.

153

we love the product but the duty tax and customs tax are unreasonable.  we paid extra 35%which is very frustrating

154

I won’t be shopping with this company again. Never received my order. They refunded me but It took over a month.

155

I purchased a gucci scqrf as a gift for a friend i am very disappointed as the label was hanging of and also a thin piece of thread also the packaging was rubbish i should have gone to gucci direct as i would have got it with no damage and also better packaging but as it is a gift i cannot return this as i would not receive another in time will not be using you again or recommending you

156

I just received my purse and the purse is fake, in bad conditions. I’m so disappointed because i waiting a week for my purse, and also I pay more than the real value at the store and is a pre owned bad. Really really disappointed and upset with this purchase So now how I can return? I hope I don’t have to pay for the return to japan. No

157

If there is anything below, I would’ve used it. Purchased a PINKO dress in September & since returned it within 2 days as per instructions. No refunds received a month later… they are horrible to deal with. Definitely recommend the OUTNET.

158

Arrived without an adjustable strap, Still waiting for the customer service to let me know if you'll send a strap or not. If I don't get a strap, I'm returning the bag

159

I received footwear however they were wrong size I had every intention of buying another pair of shoes but in a different size so I needed to return them to Farfetch they don’t give you an option to return with the post office so I had to wait 5 days for FARFETCH to get a courier to collect. The courier never arrived & I had taken a day off work to make sure I was there as they had informed me that I had to be there & couldn’t give me a time of when courier would arrive that day.I emailed farfetch so many times they don’t want to respond once they have your money. 5 days later Farfetch informed me another courier was arriving which was today still no courier!!! Forget about this company overhyped unless you can afford to loose over €200 & your mind plus a lot of hours writing emails & getting nowhere please avoid at all costs!!! I was going to buy the next size up in shoes now I have no intention as their customer service does not exist!!!Don’t even think about shopping with them take your business elsewhere to some business that appreciates their customers!!

160

Awful! Terrible service Won’t refundReturns don’t work so I had to send via my own courier (Royal Mail) I’ve been waiting since July and no help from customer services Absolute scam artists I wish I saw reviews before I ordered

