1

I love receiving my Farfetch packages, my item is always as described, well wrapped and beautifully presented. My item arrived within the suggested time frame. Very happy, yet again.

2

I love them and shipping was wayyyyyy faster than expected

3

Easy toby, very good price and delivery in not very long time.! I love Farfetch!!!

4

I love creoles, these are just perfect.

5

Always the best words for Farfetch! The order came extremely fast, was as described, always a pleasure to shop with you, guys!

6

Great service, fast delivery and accurate tracking method, with a very competitive price.

7

Great! I dont have anything bad to say. My orders came sooner than i expected. I’m fully satisfied, the packaging was perfect and the products without any flaw. I will definitely order again soon!

8

Quick delivery. Fantastic shawl. Everything perfect !

9

thank you soooooo much for the speedness

10

Amazing. I bought sunglasses and everything was perfectly smooth: fast shipping, packaging, and communication. Product was the same as described. Love it

11

Fast shipment, very good services, everything on point!

12

very convenient !

13

Order was delivered in 8 days, package presentation was what you would expect from price point. I was having a really hard time finding shoe in the size that I needed. I would absolutely order from FF again under the same circumstances. Thanks for the super quick shipment.

14

Came quickly thank you

15

Cool outstanding

16

Easy to purchase, quick delivery, product is exactly what I expected. 10/10

17

Nice shoes Thanks a lot .

18

It's amazing to receive the order within 3 days. The color and the size of the bag are exactly what I expected from the internet.

19

Quick delivery, good prices, overall happy with the services they provide.

20

My order got delivered way ahead the given schedule.. Excellent service. 😊

21

I received the goods really fast. However, the size was not detailed enough and I couldn’t fit the size that I ordered for the dress

22

at first I was skeptical - but I am honestly so impressed - my yeezys were shipped quickly and arrived 4 days earlier than expected - thank you farfetch! super convenient - will buy again in the future

23

Great for any inconvenience, super fast to solve anything and helping for retur information!

24

Exellent service and quick deliveries

25

Shopping is always agood idea with you…keep it up👍

26

Fast and accurate, and products are exactly as described. High quality experience. Will use again.

27

It was such a nice experience with Farfetch site, the product I have received was as expected and shipping was super fast 👍

28

Low price and fast delivery

29

Excelant service

30

I have shopped at Farfetch for years. There is no better site for global boutique shopping. It is such an easy process to purchase, receive and return if needed. The selection is outstanding and I like the promotions I've taken advantage of in 2021.

31

Fast delivery in love with my product

32

Great customer experience! Perfect price, perfect delivery and customer notification!

33

I have always had really positive experiences with FarFetch, hence why I am a repeat customer (and have part of their Platinum membership tier). The ability to shop from boutiques all over the world provides a huge variety of products at different price points and FarFetch make the shopping process easy and stress free. Every time I contact their customer service division the FarFetch staff go out of their way to assist me with any queries or assistance I need. I would highly recommend FarFetch to anyone.

These boots are so gorgeous and fashion forward!

These boots are so gorgeous and unique!! Came beautifully wrapped and in a timely fashion. Highly recommend!!

Another great transaction

Another great transaction. Great product and price with extremely fast shipping. Simply perfect. Thanks a lot Farfetch.

good quality

good quality, delivery is very fast, good services

So happy with my purchase!

So happy with my purchase. Quality product, great value and really fast delivery! Will be a frequent buyer. Saved so much money using this website

This is my first time shopping on…

This is my first time shopping on Farfetch and I had the most amazing experience. Such a quick turn around. Will certainly recommend to friends.

Wonderful shopping experience and very…

Wonderful shopping experience and quick delivery.I loved opening my package, it was beautifully wrapped. Thank you!!

Excellent service

Excellent service, quick and efficient. Great savings, would highly recommend and will definitely use again.

Very positive first experience!

As the title said, I had very positive experience with FARFETCH. Customer service is quick and polite, everyone goes extra mile to help you instead of just pushing you to buying. Shipping was quick, all the details about custom clearly stated (that is the matter tripping many companies). Product I received, small black RED Valentino dress is just lovely! If I could change one thing, I would try to include taxes and duty charges in the online payment (for more counties, in my case Serbia), that would be so much more comfortable for user, less hustle. Overall all just positives, no negatives! Keep the good work.

Excellent and extremely fast delivery

Excellent and extremely fast delivery. Excellent item!!

Everything was perfect!!

Everything was perfect!!! Super fast and accurate. Thanks!!! I'll shop again soon.

Farfetch is most trustworthy website…

Farfetch is most trustworthy website for buying genuine designer brands, as I am already private client tier which is highest tier in Farfetch, the returns and refunds are very easy for me. Also customer service is topnotch and very helpful.. It's best website to buy your own personal fashion items..

First time I have ordered with Farfetch…

First time I have ordered with Farfetch so easy to order, my estimated delivery was 22 December but to my surprise it was delivered on the 15th December. I’m in Australia and order was coming from overseas I ordered 10th December. Very happy as it is a Christmas present and happy with the product. I will definitely order again.

My order

This is the first time for me to buy from online and it is a great experience and I am happy with my order and your application services specially I get my order with few days also I appreciate your quick response to my inquiry.

This store is great

This store is great! Everything was packed perfectly, neat, ..unlike some previous experience. I would recommend itv

Knitted sweater- Orlando

I enjoyed the service I got from the people I have spoken to about my order I do have a few more questions but I’ll probably leave that for my next order but overall 9/10 probably the delay but idk if that’s really farfetch’s fault I always recommend this app to my friends and family

My dress arrived perfectly wrapped and…

My dress arrived perfectly wrapped and within a couple of days! This is my first purchase with far-fetched and not only was delivery free but I’m so impressed with the speed especially at this time of year.

Rediculous quick delivery and item…

Rediculous quick delivery and item exactly as orded.

Great experience!

As usual my purchase arrived neatly and securely packaged. Always a good experience shopping through Farfetch and would highly recommend them.

I can't believe how quickly I got the…

I can't believe how quickly I got the item and they are amazing great product and service

The bag is terrific in quality!

The bag is terrific in quality!

Great!!

It is Great!!

good quality

good quality, delivery is very fast, good services

So happy with my purchase!

So happy with my purchase. Quality product, great value and really fast delivery! Will be a frequent buyer. Saved so much money using this website

Got my shoes today

Got my shoes today, and love them! Absolutely niiiccceee! Fits perfectly! Thank you!

Excellent quality.

Excellent quality.

This is my first time shopping on…

This is my first time shopping on Farfetch and I had the most amazing experience. Such a quick turn around. Will certainly recommend to friends.

Wonderful shopping experience and very…

Wonderful shopping experience and quick delivery.I loved opening my package, it was beautifully wrapped. Thank you!!

Excellent service

Excellent service, quick and efficient. Great savings, would highly recommend and will definitely use again.

Everything is perfect.

Very positive first experience! As the title said, I had very positive experience with FARFETCH. Customer service is quick and polite, everyone goes extra mile to help you instead of just pushing you to buying. Shipping was quick, all the details about custom clearly stated (that is the matter tripping many companies). Product I received, small black RED Valentino dress is just lovely! If I could change one thing, I would try to include taxes and duty charges in the online payment (for more counties, in my case Serbia), that would be so much more comfortable for user, less hustle. Overall all just positives, no negatives! Keep the good work.

Excellent and extremely fast delivery

Excellent and extremely fast delivery. Excellent item!!

Everything was fine

Everything was fine, took a week until the bag arrived, original packing

Everything was perfect!!

Everything was perfect!!! Super fast and accurate. Thanks!!! I'll shop again soon.

Excellent experience as always!

Excellent shopping experience! Quick and trustworthy delivery!

Farfetch is most trustworthy website…

Farfetch is most trustworthy website for buying genuine designer brands, as I am already private client tier which is highest tier in Farfetch, the returns and refunds are very easy for me. Also customer service is topnotch and very helpful.. It's best website to buy your own personal fashion items..

Nice bag

Nice bag. Fast shipping 😊

Fast order

Fast order, Fast shipping. Great Service.

First time I have ordered with Farfetch…

First time I have ordered with Farfetch so easy to order, my estimated delivery was 22 December but to my surprise it was delivered on the 15th December. I’m in Australia and order was coming from overseas I ordered 10th December. Very happy as it is a Christmas present and happy with the product. I will definitely order again.

Amazing fast delivery!

Amazing fast delivery!

Always a 5* experience !

Fast shipping! My shoes and the box in excellent condition!!

My order

This is the first time for me to buy from online and it is a great experience and I am happy with my order and your application services specially I get my order with few days also I appreciate your quick response to my inquiry.

As always great service

As always great service. Product was delivered within 2 days!

Excellent

Thank you very much for your help that you send me something I wanted a lot!!!

This store is great

This store is great! Everything was packed perfectly, neat, ..unlike some previous experience. I would recommend it

Farfetch is always reliable

Farfetch is always reliable, they have never disappointed. not once.

Farfetch never disappoints

Farfetch never disappoints! Fast delivery, great sales. I am a private client and my SA Michelle is AMAZING!

Shipping took longer than normal

Shipping took longer than normal, but I'm very happy with my purchase and it arrived in perfect condition with impeccable packaging!

I am really satisfied from the service!

I am really satisfied from the service!

Huge selection of clothing and footwear!

Huge selection of clothing and footwear!

Knitted sweater- Orlando

I enjoyed the service I got from the people I have spoken to about my order I do have a few more questions but I’ll probably leave that for my next order but overall 9/10 probably the delay but idk if that’s really farfetch’s fault I always recommend this app to my friends and family

i love it

i love it . so very nice

Packed great good quality looking…

Packed great good quality looking forward to wearing

Super fast delivery

Super fast delivery. Excellent.

Beautiful pair of jeans

Beautiful pair of jeans, immediate dispatch, very friendly price. Thanks a lot!!

Great shopping experience

Great shopping experience

My dress arrived perfectly wrapped and…

My dress arrived perfectly wrapped and within a couple of days! This is my first purchase with far-fetched and not only was delivery free but I’m so impressed with the speed especially at this time of year.

Rediculous quick delivery and item…

Rediculous quick delivery and item exactly as orded.

Fast delivery

Fast delivery, easy to use website!

Great experience!

As usual my purchase arrived neatly and securely packaged. Always a good experience shopping through Farfetch and would highly recommend them.