Beware Christmas gifts!

Beware Christmas gifts!! Very poor Xmas returns policy for a high-end retail business. I purchased an item on 13th Nov for £275 for my daughter for Christmas. After opening the gift on Christmas Day she found the item to be too large. I contacted Farfetch the week after Christmas and was advised no exchange or refund was possible! Never again!

Dirty Gucci wallet from Farfetch

I ordered gucci wallet from Farfetch. The wallet arrived quickly, but the original bag in which the wallet was packed arrived dirty. Such a feeling that someone ate on it. Since the wallet was bought as a gift, and the deadlines were tight, I could not return it back, and presented the wallet without this bag. I wrote to the support, and I was offered to return 5 percent of the cost of the wallet,Fine, I agreed. The day after they contacted me and said that they could return a smaller amount in dollars and only in COUPONS. After then I said that this is not okey they just stopped talking to me : )

Horrible experience

Horrible experience. I bought a tennis shoe from them on Nov 7, but the extended holiday season return only started a couple days later, but they did not accept my exchange the size, saying it was placed before nov 15. With the pandemic, the person gifted took longer to receive the gift than normally, but I was sure all businesses would extend the return period due to the current pandemic situation. This is absurd.And the customer service was very rude. Do not buy there if you want to exchange after.

HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE WITH CUSTOMER SERVICER

I had a horrible experience with Farfetch. My sister gave my daughter a shoe for Xmas that was bought in November. She bought it one month ahead because she didn't want to risk not having my daughters size available because of the supply chain issue that is going on because of covid. She bought size 8.5 thinking it was women, but it was 8.5 men. I called Farfetch to make exchange for correct size, spoke to a very bad humored lady called Rute, and she said they only do refund, no exchange,... but that they wouldn't be able to do it because my sister should have sent it back in less than 14 days after she bought it. This is crazy! The shoe is brand new, expensive (the size 8.5 was more than U$100 more expensive than other sizes) and I just wanted to exchange for the correct size. Very disappointed with Farfetch. They certainly lost two client, my sister and I, and lots of friends that also buy from them will certainly stop buying after this ...

Faulty item. Terrible customer service

F5YVVF bag strap broke after 2 weeks, customer service said they will look into it and ask the retailer, or I can send the item back to get repaired (2-3months wait). Waited a month for an answer from the retailer. Still nothing from them. when I asked for a refund or replacement I get told my order is out of the refund/replacement policy because more than a month passed but it was the retailer not answering fault not mine? Here I am with a new, faulty item and this is the quality customer service they offer to their customers? They told me I could take it to a repair shop myself and they could ‘maybe’ look into refunding the repair cost… Unbelievable. Never buying here again.

$400 heels for only one time worn, no repair/replace/return

I purchased a pair of $400 heels from Farfetch and wore them once for a 2-hour indoor ceremony. The leather peeled off on one heel and the sole on the toe side started to come off. I contacted the boutique for repair and the boutique said I should go through the process with Farfetch first. I sent the shoes back to Farfetch but they refused to get them repaired, replaced, or returned. I didn't anticipate shoes at this price can be only worn once and I didn't anticipate that no one would repair or replace them (so they are designed to be worn only once?).v

Alarm bell still attached to item at…

Alarm bell still attached to item at time of delivery. I cannot use the bag. I am highly disappointed

Worst service EVER!

As much as it pains me to say it, if I had to give a review between 0 and 10 I would give minus 2! I ordered from Farfetch after watching Daniel Simmons you tube channel advising how good they were and how he high recommended purchasing from them. I ordered some Y3 sneakers on the 30th of November 2021 and they still have not been dispatched from their supplier! I fully appreciate the Pandemic coupled with Christmas slows delivery of goods but it is getting onto 5 weeks now with no update on dispatch!!! I requested a refund and was told it was not possible to cancel my order even though they hadn’t been dispatched from the supplier? Farfetch then advised that they would give me an update on delivery or a refund after 2/3 business days but then changed their mind and said it was not it possible to give a refund? I have now had to contact my CC company and advise that I have been scammed and asked them to handle it on my behalf. Surely Farfetch should have a policy with their suppliers whereas if the goods can out be dispatched in a timely manner i.e. 1 week the customer should be given a refund???? I order sneakers from global suppliers and I must say that unequivocally this is the worst service I have ever received! For that reason I will not be ordering anything from Farfetch again and would not recommend to anyone else to. A very disgruntled customer!!!!!

Beware of price change at check out!!

I was about to make an order and suddenly the price changes at check out to normal, when it was discounted. Very dissapointing

I recently had very bad experience with…

I recently had very bad experience with Browns fashion ( which is owned by Farfetch) and to be honest this has really deterred me from buying anything from Farfetch as well. You should really consider how your reputation get affected by company like Browns Fashion which is an absolute fraud. I ordered expensive jewelry from Browns Fashion and I got delivered an empty box with no item inside. Browns Fashion supposedly conducted internal investigation and concluded that all went well. Can you imagine this.. If you want consumers to trust Farfetch do something about this fraud company called Browns Fashion.

Only buy if you want to loose your money

I can give 0 stars as well. I ordered my usual size UK 10 shoe from farfetch. The site everywhere boasts of easy returns. My shoe that came was very loose. When trying to return, it shows that order is non returnable. I mean I understand for certain products to be non returnable but a 1.5 k shoe which is loose should be returned and my correct size be delivered. I have the whole packaging available. If this is somekind of a weird policy, They should specifically list non returnable in front of the products so that customers like me are not duped.

wrong size and non refundable item very weird

i order size large and i receive size xxl ,instead if they don't have the size they should update the customer ,not send any size they have and what made it worse , they say the order is not refundable which is very weird .

Ordered a £200 T-shirt from Palm Angels…

Ordered a £200 T-shirt from Palm Angels and got delivered an empty box of rubbish from DHL Express, after contacting both companies who are totally useless i just keep being fobbed off, to add salt to my wound the phone call to DHL cost me just over £16!!! After several emails to Palm Angels I just keep being told it is being investigated!!! I don’t have to be a rocket scientist to answer that, after being sent a box that was not secured around the edges and with a Palm Angels sticker emblazoned on it, a temporary Christmas worker has pinched it!!! Not happy and will not be using this company again!!

Misleading sale

Misleading people to believe that you offer discounts. Some items that I followed and waited for the sale have had the price put up before the sale to bring down to the same price it was before the sale!

Don’t use this company. Totally disorganised

Don’t use this company. £731 of expensive jeans arrived in envelopes No boxes. 2 of 3 items didn’t fit. The Waybill enclosed from the boutique in Portugal had to go via Amsterdam. The Waybill enclosed from the boutique in Italy had to go to Italy. ???? This didn’t make sense to me. Phoned Customer service. “Yes” I was told “both correct”. The refund from Portugal took hours of communication but 5 weeks later I received a refund. However, Ive been informed today almost 2 months later that the jeans from Italy were never picked up. The assumption being that I still have them. NOT CORRECT!! My husband handed the package to the DHL driver. MyTheresa, The OUTNET, & Net-a-Porter use DHL. In 15 years I’ve never had a problem. Reading the reviews here it appears that I’m not the only one. STAY CLEAR OF this company. You may lose a lot of money like I did.

Just awful

Just awful. Paid 12 pounds for shipping on a pair of pricey shoes, took a week to come, ordered size 8 US. (On their website it literally says US size, no other option) As stated on website. Size 8 US - converts to Size 6 UK. So I was expecting a UK Size 6 to arrive. Instead I got a UK 8 Mens. Called customer service explaining they’ve sent the wrong shoe; and she said she doesn’t even know if I can be refunded the postage. I’m beyond annoyed, as on the box it says ‘farfetch, dispatched from Dover street market’ So I googled dover street market, the supplier, they’re selling the shoes with no postage fee. So you’ve whacked on 12 pounds for no reason? Because you’re under the name farfetch? I’m just frustrated - I needed them, I can’t just buy a new pair, they were very expensive. Now I have to wait apparently 20 business days for a refund. Don’t recommend

Nothing delivered

Ordered some shoes as a Christmas present and box delivered with no shoes in them. That’s bad enough but it’s taken weeks for get an answer on this (missing Christmas) and they say there’s nothing they can do. Crazy. Don’t trust this site.

Pricing Issue

I bought a jacket from Farfetch which was advertised as £471.67, reduced to £283.00 and promoted as 40% off. To my surprise, when I received the item, the original price was still on the label. This stated that the jacket was 399 Euros, around £343 at the time of purchase. At a discount of 40%, the jacket should have cost me no more than £205.80. I have notified Farfetch of this issue, however they have not offered to refund me the difference. I am very disappointed with the service and will take my custom elsewhere in the future.

I am very disappointed with this…

RTHYFRI am very disappointed with this site because I ordered a pair of Dr. Martens boots, which broke down after the first wear. I sent an e-mail and related pictures but they said that they were not worn properly and I have to send them to evaluate them, and it will take up to 3 months, during which time they run out of boots and no money. I wrote after less than 2 weeks and the quality guarantee does not exist or at least is not for the benefit of the client. I will never buy from them again. Sin.

Don’t order from Farfetch

I paid for DHL express delivery to make sure I have my shipment by Christmas, now after 18 day I still don’t have package!! Till few days ago it had NOT even been sent! Disgraceful! I’ve contacted customer care numerous times and they tell me I will have my refund when they get the shipment back. How can I send it back if I don’t even have it??? Absolutely terrible service! Don’t order from Farfetch, they keep your money and mess you around!!

They have taken my money but haven’t delivered my order

Made an order for a Christmas gift and paid express delivery to ensure it arrived on time. Delivery estimate was missed and as of 11 days post order it has still not been processed and nobody can say when it will. Customer service non-existent, after numerous phone calls and emails they keep promising to investigate but never make any contact back, or try resolve the issue. Edit post response Farfetch sent another general email saying it was being investigated 2 minutes before their response. Nearly a week later, still no meaningful update. They claim they are waiting on DHL and the boutique to respond to their emails. Apparently they don’t have the ability to call these companies, they can only email (despite me being able to get through to DHL by phone in 5 mins, who don’t have the package!). They seem to be unclear whether this package has been despatched or not, some customer services staff say it has, other say it hasn’t. Feel like I’m in a constant loop of inaction and incompetence

I sent back the swimming bra

I sent back the swimming bra. I wanted the money back. I only tried it for a once and returned it on time as it was rules. My great surprise, a picture was sent stating that the product is broken and we will not refund you. Unfortunately, I didn't notice it when I tried this swimmng bra. The picture what they send me shows that the seam is broken. Since this product was not small for me, I am pretty sure it was broken before it was sent to me or just bad quality . A quality product ( versace brand) should not break this way when try it ones. I warn everyone before you return, please check the product! They make you quilty and they do not return money! There are no guarantees you get your refund! Warning!

I got the wrong order!!

I got the wrong order!!! Extremely disappointed for the amount of money I spent to just be send a t shirt.

Shocking customer service

Purchased a pair of shoes in October - a stud fell off on the first time wearing them and all the other metal details scratched. Have been emailing customer service for 2 months with zero resolution of the issue. In response to note from Farfetch - the customer service person helping has just repeated the same message I have been receiving for over a month so still no resolution!

BEWARE!!!!!!

Their delivery solution is fraudulent and expensive goods are marked as delivered by their trusted delivery partners but items are not actually delivered. They need a better delivery partner for such expensive goods. BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What a vile company to deal with

What a vile company to deal with. Have been trying to return some poor quality goods for nearly a month now. On 4 occasions the courier has not turned up despite me waiting in! Trying email customer services is horrendous, you just get the same robot tone from the people who work there who clearly read from a script and can’t think of anything to say themselves and provide no help what so ever. They then lie to say I have stopped contact with them despite me having the emails to prove I have been messaging them. My next steps are to take legal action to reclaim the money. Have sent a letter warning of legal action if a resolution is not reached, but guess what, no one has replied!

purchased a Fendi ring which after 1…

purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, the bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Farfetch refuse to offer a refund and are forcing me to accept a replacement fendi ring, which I basically do not want, Farfetch are just missing the point! I have Purchased a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again as they do not appear to operate in line with the Consumer Rights Act 2015! Not interest in any form of a reply from Farfetch as nothing you will say stands any weight unless you are offering a full refund of £200.00 for the fendi ring!

Really bad experience and customer…

Really bad experience and customer service. I ordered a bag on sale 30%. But they never delivered the bag and returned it before I even got it. Now they want me to pay full price for the same bag if I want them to send it again. I ordered the bag in November and here I am 4 days before Christmas without a present for my wife. Be careful to buy anything from this website!

Worst customer service…

I had ordered a very expensive 30th birthday present in which was left on a doorstep on a very busy road. Unfortunately by the time I got home from work it had gone. They opened up an investigation and apparently had enough evidence by a picture on a doorstop, the door was closed and no one signed for it, that was enough evidence and I was not entitled to a refund. I was £260 down just before Christmas and it ruined a 30th birthday present. The customer service was absolutely shocking and I will let everyone know and I won’t be using them again.

WARNING! Delivered empty package and no refund!

On August 13th Farfetch delivered an EMPTY package that was supposed to contain a 175,5 euro wallet! The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch and instead of helping they kept me waiting for weeks and in the end did NOTHING and claimed it wasn't their fault. After complaining online again, they sent me this: "After careful review of your order details, we’re unable to issue you a refund for this order. We have confirmed that our partner included your item in the package sent to you. As an added measure, we also checked with the shipping partner who advised the package was not tampered with before or during delivery." In other words they claim that neither they nor the delivery company are at fault and refuse to refund. Did the wallet magically disappear as soon as the delivery person handed it to me?? Farfetch: give me my money back!

Worst site ridiculous

Worst site ridiculous not once but twice was sent wrong shoe size crazy first was sent size 9 (I’m a size 10.5/11) second time size 7 this a joke have no idea what’s going on lol this crazy.

Show box was worn out and not…

Show box was worn out and not presentable. Looked like the shoes were used. This is a Christmas gift and I am not happy with the presentation.

Following on from poor customer service...

So, having requested my third (!) pickup, I am still waiting. For some reason I can't get the courier to collect. I have now wasted 12 hours waiting in. I have requested a supervisor call me as I am not getting anywhere, but no-one has; no-one cares. After waiting 10 minutes to speak to someone again, have been offered a drop off option which I am taking as I don't believe anyone will ever pick this up. Please do not use this company. If your item arrives damaged, as mine did, they just won't pick it up and therefore you don't get a refund.

Really bad experience

Really bad experience. They send me a wrong item and I couldn’t give back because I exceeded 14 days. The worse part is that I haven’t been refund at all. No recommended

Thought this company was one of the…

Thought this company was one of the best, have recently found out it’s clearly not. Bought a product, received it faulty instead of helping the customer in terms of getting a quick refund as it was their error, it’s coming up to a month and I’m still waiting for my refund, I’m going to happily delete the Farfetch after this is finally resolved and not even bother with them again! I’d advise everyone else too also, so many better company’s out there. Brown’s Fashion being one

Terrible experience

Terrible experience. Faulty item arrived, waited in two full mornings for the returns courier. A week later the return was sent back to me with no reason given. Complicated returns process - the instructions given in the email from customer service differ from instructions given on the website. Avoid - worst retailer I’ve come across. Edit to add - I’ve received a call from the return courier to ask for more information before the return pick up can be confirmed. I am doubtful as to whether the return will be picked up as Farfetch have not responded! Terrible service!!!

Don’t refund for damaged and faulty items

I purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Bought a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again that’s for sure!v

The worst customer service

This is the worst customer service and customer care retailer that I have ever experienced. My parcel went missing and what they could track with their courier is a picture of a small "child" with an armful of parcels, no indication of the address, house number where they delivered it to. The "child" is not me or anyone I know. I live in a building with 22 flats, Farfetch saying that they are not going to do anything, no refund or replacement as according to their courier it was delivered to my building..??!! But no proof of delivery to me, no picture to proof which building it was delivered to. I tried showing the picture of the 'child receiver' across my building, no one has seen or know the person! All in all, bad service from Farfetch, zero customer care and really a FRAUD as I did not receive the item I paid for and I also paid for signed delivery, so please do not leave my parcel at a random place with random people! Do not buy from this place, there are other better online retailers!

Rude customer service

I purchased a pricey item from Farfetch, it arrived in an envelope which had been absolutely ruined after being posted all the way from Italy. I complained about the way my designer item arrived and there customer service has been shocking. At first they would discuss it, then they blamed the designer, and now there response is ‘return it’ not one apology in my countless emails to them. Please avoid this company or you will just get headache after headache, there are so many maxing companies out there. Avoid this one, I’m begging you!

I've been told that the items ordered…

I've been told that the items ordered were delivered. They have not. I am disappointed and very concerned. Will be calling my cc company tomorrow.

One of the shirts I received is very…

One of the shirts I received is very poor quality compared to the other yet they are the same brand. I believe it is a fake.

My order arrived damaged and I can't arrange a return

My order arrived damaged. It was collected by DHL for a return but they then delivered it back again to me(!) I rang again and the paperwork was not sent as promised so I rang a third time and booked anther pick up that never showed up. I have now rung a fourth time and am still waiting for even more paperwork that hasn't arrived. No-one will take responsibility and no-one has even apologised for the faulty goods. I will never use them again. I just want my refund.

Still no refund

Ordered a jacket of 545 euro and it arrived damaged. I sent the article back immediately. Two months later I still did not receive a refund. Its a lot of money and I wonder if I will ever get it back.

Was not happy

Was not happy, I paid $1750 for the bag but no proper box, and bag looks second hand.

I ordered a size 7 trainer and they…

I ordered a size 7 trainer and they sent a size 9 spoke to someone on the phone and they said send them back but wouldn’t exchange them for the correct size,I sent them back 5 weeks ago and still not received a refund,seems like they do this a lot reading some of the other reviews I will be reporting them to my bank tomorrow as it’s an absolute joke they took a week to deliver and still waiting 5 weeks for refund seems like they just like holding peoples money.

Farfetched is a horrible company

Farfetched is a horrible company. I have never experienced what they have put me through from any other company I have shopped with. I purchased $400 shirt from them on September 2nd because I was referred by a relative. I originally purchased 2 shirts but one was canceled due to it being sold out. My package was scheduled to be delivered on September 9th by fedex the package was supposedly delivered on September 8th. When I called farfetch and told them I hadn't received my package they claim I signed for it and I explained that there was no way I wasn't home I was in a meeting finalizing my child event. The company claimed to have opened up a investigation but closed it after a day and half. I reached out to fedex that told me they see I didn't sign for the package that the driver signed it and put left on the porch. I live in a apartment building and it clearly states this. If the packages was supposed to be signed that should indicate the package is of some value. So no one but me or member of my house should have signed.I contacted my bank that instructed me to resolve it with merchant I sent the letter that was sent to me by fedex executive department stating that driver signed and left the package and the company can file a claim. They just sent me a email after claim was reopen yesterday saying its closed with no detail. They are being completely dismissive to the fact I dont have a package and they are refusing to file claim with fedex. Im currently working with fedex executive department. This is really ridiculous. Im a first time customer and there is no customer service in the poor service they have provided. So they get to keep my money $400 and I have nothing and fedex stated several times they can file a claim. If the package was stolen thats not my fault they delivered with fedex and the driver illegally signed my name. They are now saying I filed a dispute with my bank which they told me too in order to get funds back and they claim its still on going which my bank has confused its not. My bank and fedex are both confused as why a dispute with my bank is preventing them for filing a claim with fedex. @farfetched what is the request for more information? What information your requested? I placed a order i never received I been trying and trying to get this resolved since September. I provided proof from fedex and still getting no help from yall. No customer should receive the level of experience especially new customer

Disappointing and confusing experience

Ordered a pair of shoes on November 27. No dispatch notice came through so contacted customer service on December 8. Was assured order was on its way and would arrive before Christmas. Then on December 13 I get an email saying my order is cancelled due to the item not being in stock with the partner and that a refund is incoming in the next two weeks. I then ordered the same shoes from a different site because it seemed like the matter was closed. The next day, I get two emails from Farfetch. One said that they had found the same shoes with a different partner and they’d notify me once they were dispatched. Then, after that, an email saying my refund (for the previous cancelled order) had been processed. This leaves me confused - I’m still getting the shoes but I’m also being refunded? Obviously not, because no business gives away things like that for free. All in all, a totally confusing process. It’s not clear enough to the customer that they’re ordering through Farfetch who source the product from a third party. Better communication needed at all stages of customer journey. Will be returning shoes when they arrive and €160 out of pocket before Christmas. Customer service sub par - communication looked like canned responses. Won’t ever be ordering from Farfetch again.

The trench was heavily stained

The trench had stains and marks that probably won’t be fixed by dry cleaning. These were not shown on the pictures and I was extremely disappointed to see the spots when I received my order.

COMPLETE FRAUDSTERS!!!

Further review as I am disgusted and at a complete loss with this company. Can someone please explain what your complaints procedure is? I'm over £400 out of pocket at the moment with no 30th birthday present for my sister. Item marked as delivered on farfetch website but the tracking number I was provided from DHL they have never even received the item. Sounds like fraud to me!!!!! Customer services had the cheek to ask me if this was delivered to a neighbour when the boutique are clearly up to something dodgy. I have been told this is being investigated and they will make contact with the boutique and DHL. Last contact was on Wednesday and no reply to any further emails sent. REFUND ME MY MONEY!!!!!! I don't even want the item anymore I don't want a single thing more to Do with you

DON'T ORDER FROM FARFETCH! Received empty package and no refund.

I had a terrible experience with Farfetch. On August 13th I received an empty package from Farfetch, that was supposed to contain a wallet that I paid 175.50 euros for. The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch to sort things out, and while they said that they would look into things, they did nothing to help. I called and emailed them multiple times, but eventually they just said it wasn’t their fault and I should contact UPS instead. I contacted UPS multiple times but they’re not helping either. They just say it’s “in progress”, but it’s been months now without any news. Even Paypal won’t help me get my money back. Farfetch, give me my money back!!

My replacement item was horrible it did…

My replacement item was horrible it did not come with authenticity card or the bag or box that YSL has. The bag was literally rolling inside a huge box I’m so aggravated and will not kee an item like this when it was supposed to be a brand new product. I can not gift this it looks like it came out of my closet very lack luster ! I have definitely had a horrible experience with far fetch this far.

Super bad experience

After purchasing the product a week, it has extra 30% off on this item, and I’m super irritated. I had already used it, so I cannot return it and repurchase it.  