Upset

Upset! Fast shipping, but I received a different color of the product, not the one I ordered!

My item took almost 3 weeks to arrive…

My item took almost 3 weeks to arrive at my house. Also the packaging was not great. The item I purchased however was great quality.

The experience is great and well…

The experience is great and well organized. Convenient aswell. But the constant price changes occasionally is not proffesional, you have to have actual sale time without price increases.

Shipping was an issue

Shipping was an issue. Took almost two weeks before retrieving my order

The shoe soles were dirty and I was…

The shoe soles were dirty and I was informed nothing could be done. :(

Careless packaging

I know that FarFetch is made up of individual boutiques that ship directly to the buyer and therefore this feedback relates to the boutique in question. I don't appreciate spending $$$ on a designer handbag to have the boutique stick the bag straight into a box without a single piece of tissue paper or anything to protect the bag. It bounced around inside that box from Portugal to Australia. It was like they didn't care and didn't think the price justified just a little pride in the packaging.

The delivery was delayed for a number…

The delivery was delayed for a number of weeks and then FedEx made receiving the package very difficult. I ended up having to drive to a FedEx warehouse to pick up the package. It was a stressful experience.

My order was delayed since 12/2

My order was delayed since 12/2. Reached out to someone who expedited it. Got delayed again. Finally received my order on 12/14 when I was notified of delivery on 12/13. Never received an email of confirmed delivery date. Weirdest delivery and shipping process. Product was in great shape despite the mess it took getting here.

Tax and disbursement fee’s

Hi! I’m happy to receive my item and the quality was good but I’m really shocked that I have to pay another MYR 81.55 in cash to DHL Express. It’s really expensive and I’m actually afraid because there are more items on the way. The disbursement fees’ is actually quite cheaper than before. I’m scared that the fee’s on the upcoming items is going to cost me an arm and a leg. I’m advising you to put all the tax and fee’s on the bill before making some purchases. It will really help if you do it but other than that I would be happy to shop with you guys because the service and the promotion are amazing. That’s from me, thank you.

You sent me 2 of the same items

You sent me 2 of the same items, one of which is not what I ordered. 2 of the IKONIK BIARRITZ KEYRINGS when I ordered one of them and the one with the Karl Lagerfield letters. I forget its name. Delivery excellent. Nice products but no excuse for getting my wee Xmas order wrong

The express must be signed for

The express must be signed for. Very troublesome. It took a few days to get things. No such situation before

Disappointed

Not everything u will have when purchasing in same prize in GUCCI store are included in the order. A little disappointed, next time with same prize, will buy directly from GUCCI.

Cute bag but poor condition

I like the bag but its condition was a bit disappointing since I could see dust/black marks (especially in the bag’s corners) and minor scratches.

Givenchy mini Antigona

The product arrived quickly. The Givenchy Mini Antigona did have a scratch on the leather of the purse. Overall the delivery was excellent and I like the bag.

The bag itself is amazing

The bag itself is amazing. However, it’s poorly packaged without any protection but thin paper wrapped outside the bag itself.

Incorrect Sizing information

Love the sandals so much, but not on the size provided. before my purchase, I checked with CS and was told US 6 Is IT 36. I have ordered the size as confirmed by the CS, however I was disappointed that the size chart online and the information you provided is incorrect. I ordered IT 36 and received US 5 (as stated on the sandals) instead of US 6. I thought i would be able to get my correct size by checking with the customer service however the information was not accurate and now IT 37 is out of stock.

Sales Item General Feedback

In general, Farfetch is a great place for customer to shop for any luxuries. However, in recent promotions, I realised that actually they have secretly increased the product’s price. On top of the increased cost, they rolled out the promotions. Personally i feel it deficits the purpose of having sale. My 2-cents, hope their marketing team can take note of this.

The piece that I’ve received yesterday…

The piece that I’ve received yesterday was very beautiful . However, the front logo(pix) was stained with black marks. I’ve decided to keep this since it was the last piece yet will be good for merchant to open up packaging and check before sending them out .

I returned the shoes/boots because they…

I returned the shoes/boots because they are Too little. But I did not get a payment back? I send them back 2 weeks ago. Can you check it please? Thank you. Helen Derweduwen

Delivery was very efficient and fast

Delivery was very efficient and fast. Packaging could be a bit better considering the amount that you pay. Products just come wrapped in tissue paper which isn’t so nice to give as a present. Products should come packed in boxes

Ripped tags

Ripped tags, no box The order came very slow. And the items were not packaged properly - no designed box or bag, with a ripped up tag. I only kept the item due to its lack of availability anywhere else.

Postage & Packaging wasn't cheap and the packaging was a disgrace

Hi, the item arrived quickly, so a good turnaround. I am actually surprised and disappointed at the lack of care on the packaging. I paid 80 AED/17 pounds and the dress came scrunched up in a plastic bag and envelope. I think that is pretty shoddy of you give the dress is a designer dress, its not exactly ASOS. A bit more care and packaging would not go a miss. Even a suit cover would of been nice.

Thanks for your great and fast service…

Thanks for your great and fast service that Farfetch has been provided. I am totally satisfied with it. This time I ordered the card case with white color, but i found small black dot over the white surface. I think the seller should have checked and make sure the quality is ok prior to the shipment. Other than that i am quite satisfied with overall service.

Probably not Again

Selling/item pickup is a little confusing but problem resolved quickly. Buying was easier, but all second-hand items are overpriced, I paid double what I’d pay on other websites for the same item. There are also defects on the item that were not shown in any of the photos displayed. But because I had the credit from selling I had to buy from Farfetch. Overall I feel it was a ripoff. I probably would not buy or sell anything here again.

This is the first time I purchased an…

This is the first time I purchased an item from FARFETH. After I finished the purchase, I realized that if there is a PROMOTE CODE, I can enjoy a 10% discount for "first purchased". But I have completed the purchase process without any discount. Is it possible to refund my 10% discount, otherwise I should return the goods and use PROMOTE CODE to buy It is suggested that the system should directly give a 10% discount for the first purchase

The shipping was super fast

The shipping was super fast. But as I tried on, there were black oils on my hands coming from the shoes. And also found one loose stitch on the strap. For this price i expected better quality…

Although denim shirts are by design a…

Although denim shirts are by design a little "distressed" the distress is usually uniform as shown in the picture. I had the feeling that what came to me had been thrown out as a second due to its imperfections or lack of uniformity down the ruff, as it didn't resemble the picture I based my purchase on. Leaving that aside it is liveable. My test is always. Would I have selected this in a shop looking at the defects? If the answer is "yes, the minor differences I can live with" then I feel less cheated. Although it is obviously why this particular shirt is sold on the internet as if in a shop people would want a more uniformly distressed shirt. Yes I could have sent it back but then again it is a denim shirt and is expected to be distressed so ended up saying "I guess I can live with it". Disappointing nonetheless for a picky shopper. And makes you more wary over future purchases.

The products are ok

The products are ok, but I ordered a Jacquemus bucket hat that came without a dustbag, without anything, just the hat. The same with the Stella McCartney bag. You don’t have that ‘I bought something expensive’ feeling.

Hi first I had a bad experience from…

Hi first I had a bad experience from the get go with my order being canceled after I made the purchase due to “security reasons” (I forgot to put the correct billing address) never experienced this before where you get canceled after the fact (after you credit card has already been debited) usually when you cash out and there’s an issue you are told about it on the spot so you can correct it before making the transaction. I had to stay up and wait for the bag to come back on the system Bc it sold out and I was told by two representatives that I will get an email notification when the item goes back to the site. That never happened and by flux I went on later at night and saw it on again and repurchased it. When I finally received it in a flat box I was a little horrified I was expecting the bag to be much bigger according to the pics but also I never got it in a balenciaga box I received a black dust bag with no brand name on it! I feel somewhat cheated as this is supposed to be a brand new item from a reputable site. But I feel like I bought a used item from a second hand store very disappointing…. 

Discount codes misleading and don't work however, product quality and delivery great

Initially, I was really disappointed making the order as no discount codes would work despite receiving a code for 10% off as a new user and also getting a discount code for verifying as a Teacher which is advertised on the website. Neither of the codes emailed directly to me from FARFETCH worked and I was frustrated as to why after many attempts. It does not say clear enough that codes don't work for some brands, it's lost somewhere in the T&C if you had the time to go reading through the lengthy terms in tiny writing. It just causes a lot of confusion at checkout. Looks like the codes don't work for many brands at all as I tried on other items to check and I felt really frustrated and let down by this. Not even about the cost saving, I just wish they didn't advertise codes unless they were going to work as it made me sceptical purchasing for the 1st time as I felt dishonesty /false advertising from the company and it made me question the legitimacy given the items sold are high brands and expensive. I had to email customer service to find out what was happening. As a result, I would not have made the purchase only for my circumstances and I did so against my will, it was a specific present I was purchasing and the item was sold out on the brands own website so I had little choice. However, after making the purchase I do have to say the service was excellent here on out and the speedy delivery, presentation of packaging and the quality of the item have definitely restored my trust and legitimacy of the company. I can't believe how quickly it arrived (I'm in Australia) it literally took like 4-5days. I would give 5stars for product quality and super delivery. The checkout issues let the overall experience down.

Bad wrapping

I don’t like the fact that there is no option to select whether the item is for present! Sometimes I receive very well wrapped orders, but sometimes the look very bad. The last one was wrapped badly and ugly and was with price tag. I bought it for a present and this annoyed me!

Item not in perfect condition

There are lines on the leather which looks like it’s been worn though the soles are in perfect condition. I think it should be indicated in the description or somewhere that could notify the customer if the product is a displayed item or it’s not in perfect condition. Too bad I’ve accidentally scratched the leather when I took it out otherwise I definitely would return the product

Was a bit disappointed

Was a bit disappointed because after I bought these boots on sale , a few days later you offered an extra 20% off which I missed out on , and I hadn’t even received my boots yet when that extra sale was on . Boots took a long time to come

The sizes are confusing and I received…

The sizes are confusing and I received a size that didn’t match my original size, please include European sizes to make it easier

3 stars for the fast delivery

3 stars for the fast delivery - 5 Days from the UK to Melbourne! Unfortunately, the bag was received damaged due to insufficient packaging. Luckily, it was only a $100 bag however this experience has put me off purchasing more expensive items lest I have the same issue.

It had missing stitches on the label…

It had missing stitches on the label where to put the name and the class for the kids. The tag is half stitched and I had to take it to the tailor to fix it. Please refund me the OOP expenses

We are killed with taxes I’m South…

We are killed with taxes I’m South Africa maybe adopt what Michael Kors is doing because you don’t pay taxes and duties with them

The item itself is really beautiful

The item itself is really beautiful, but the delivery experience was no good: 1. It was late; 2. Scarf came in a plastic bag and simple box - for a luxury item I would expect an original box; 3. The detailed description of the content was on the delivery box. This is highly unacceptable and irresponsible due to safety reasons. I would expect you to improve on the above.

My bag was poorly packaged

My bag was poorly packaged, placed in a small plastic wrapping that didn’t completely cover it, and came without a dust bag.

The size guide does not correspond to reality

Hi, On June 16, 2021 I ordered Common Project shoes from the website. Fortunately, today, June 20, 2021, I received the shoes, but I will not be able to use them as I will detail below. My shoe size is usually 44 and in sneakers 45 and a third or a half depends on the model of the shoe. According to your instructions, including the size guide, you stated that the size I need in Common Project shoes is 44. Today I received the shoe and it is at least one size bigger than my right size. It was expected that the way of measuring was more correct and that the website or Common Project company would update and clarify that their measurements were larger than usual. I would appreciate your help and treatment of the problem.

I ordered first time with Farfetch

I ordered first time with Farfetch. My experience was not the best. I ordered a Balmain bag which was on discount! The delivery was quick came from Italy and everything was fine until I opened the box. Euro1400 bag was wrapped just in the dust bag and seemed like showroom model. With scratches on the hardware and also a hair strand was stuck on the hardware which seemed disgusting. I wrapped the bag back immediately after taking some pictures to have the proof. However, the returning went smooth and I got my money refunded without any issue. But the over all experience is going to hold me back to order anything from Farfetch in future. I have had enjoyed shopping from MyTheresa which is a similar website and have had a great experience. The pricey luxury stuff comes in their original box with a nice packing and personalized note ! Feels like you are buying luxury not just any second hand product.

They came Dusty I’m not sure if I have…

They came Dusty I’m not sure if I have used pair or old but I’m not sure how I’m feeling about this product

1* for receiving a a different color (i…

1* for receiving a a different color (i got a light gray purse, yet the photo on farfetch.com was camel) 1* because there was a different price shown on the web and what I was charged was more 1* because having checked now for the same bag, to see if i misunderstood something about the color, if i wanted to buy a new one this time they would send it form France not from the US, so transportation would be less 1* because i couldnt download the invoice from the link on the email(The site can't be reached...) 3* for having to pay for transportation 5* for the easy delivery 5* for the return policy (all you need is in the box: return awb, invoice and the duct tape also)

I ordered my son birthday shoes and…

I ordered my son birthday shoes and shirt for his birthday Saturday and his shoes came and shirt was supposed to come but won’t arrive until Monday

I was disappointed as to the…

I was disappointed as to the presentation of box with my delivery. The box was peeled all over making it very hard to give as a present.

Shopping at FF is a great experience…

Shopping at FF is a great experience. Packaging & product are of great quality.The only disappointment was to find out that import duties were not included when checking out. It would have made the complete experience a 5star if that were the case.

Invoice should be sent in email as well…

Invoice should be sent in email as well because DHL sometimes are asking for customer clearance

Not so good

The delivery speed is fast, but the goods are defective.

Measurements of all your items are not…

Measurements of all your items are not stated. I have to guess if it can fit me based on the model’s body measurements. the prices fluctuates everyday which is quite annoying.

Wish this site would state Gender of Sizes!

I wish Your site would state if the items are Mens or Womens Sizes Clearly right above the Sizes or something to avoid returns! These shorts fit nothing like the last ones I bought & run Extremely small for an XL and Now i have to process another Return... I'm a 46 in Women's Versace & a 8 in Mens... Sooo weird! The material feels much thinner too...

Everything is perfect with Farfetch as…sizing issue

Everything is perfect with Farfetch as usual. However, I ordered size 37, but received 36.5. Thanks

Improvement needed

Ordered a handbag which was shipped from Paris. Shipping was fast, however the packaging was very underwhelming - bag came in a dust bag and farfetch box with NO protective layers such as bubble wrap, filler paper. As a result, my bag had 2 scuff marks which could definitely be avoided if it was packaged securely. Please look into this as it leads to a very disappointed customer and bad shopping experience.