Easy ordering and return.

I ordered a smaller size first (based on the sizing advice). As I did need one size bigger (Italian sizing is extremely small!), I had to re-order, therefore the 4 stars. But everything went smoothly (the package even arrived 5 days prior to expected delivery date) I noticed the sizing got adjusted, which is brilliant. Thank you FarFetch! Keep up the good work.

Beautiful boot

Beautiful boot. Great price. Glad they finally arrived. Can't wait to wear them

I'm really excited when I decided to…

I'm really excited when I decided to place my order to farfetch. The package has been arrange quickly more than I expected. Total around only 8 days I Got received! But it is a little more worries about the package -- when I start to open the carton and take out the bag, I can almost see inner from carton gap which mean there are no protect material or second plastic around the bag, it's directly dust bag and the invoice document. when I take all satff out can feel some humid. My point is, you might be seriously consider to improve the package method to support worldwide delivery.

Love it

I love the dress. It just came a little late

Excellent service ..quick delivery

Excellent service ..quick delivery

Difficult to return.

Difficult to return.

Great website

Great website Orders often arrive in very basic packaging which is unimpressive especially if they are expensive pieces.

Item arrived in good time

Item arrived in good time, a little annoyed that the necklace was all knotted together and had to spend over an hour trying to get it right to be able to wrap it as a gift. But all in all a very good experience

Payment processing

It was difficult to place my order at first , a lot of verification for payment, this is my first time of me buying online and asking me to send a copy of my id and card number details to check if its my card using for purchase. They cancelled my first order because they cannot verify my identity, they asked me to place a new order and send a copy of ID and picture of the card used for payment.🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️

My first time- great service😃

My first time- great service😃

love it

perfect for daily use

Highly recommend

I have been Gold customer for 2 years and I have never had a problem. I love I can get access to products not available in my country 👍 The delivery service is really fast. Highly recommended !!!

The Paul Smith T is nice except the…

The Paul Smith T is nice except the price a little steep!

Customs clearance was a bit long…

Customs clearance was a bit long (because some information was missing) and for a 2500$ suit the packaging is a bit "minimalist". A suit cover and a hanger would have been welcome.

Really cool service this time.

Really cool service this time.

Fast delivery and reliable

Fast delivery and reliable

Bag arrived quickly and as advertised.

Bag arrived quickly and as advertised. Just don’t understand why it was placed bare, as is, in the cardboard shipping box. I was surprised that it wasn’t wrapped in some sort of bag or at least in the black sac that comes with the bag.

Fast delivery.

As for the speed of the delivery and well packaged item sent to me, I would give five stars, the reason for only four stars is due to the sandals themselves, since compared to the black patent (same style and size as this one) one I had just bought a week ago, which fit flawlessly, these nude color ones seem slightly bigger and wider. It is as if the shoes were made in different factories, using different measurements. So needless to say will be returning these sandals, since they don’t fit and quiet look the same as the black ones.

Happy but important detail in description missed

Happy with the delivery and whole purchase process. I have many pairs of Birkenstock’s and so know that the size would be right, however there was no indication that this particular pair was in the Narrow cut (and so I thought it was the normal cut) which I think is a vital piece of information!! I will keep this pair but next time I will make sure the details before purchasing.

It should be probably 2 or 3 stars

It should be probably 2 or 3 stars, because, after I bought an item, few days later, I received an email about refunding my money with no explanation. Any way, o contacted the Far fetch administration and they reacted very quickly to my email and explained me the situation (it was out of stock) and quickly ordered the same item from another seller and even covered my expenses. So, for this , I am very thankful. And I vas pretty happy until I got a message that I have to go and pick up the item from the DHL post office which is in the other side of my city. Usually courier brings the thing after I order, so I was a little bit upset. Thank you. Milda Vysniauskaite

Great Service

All the process was done quickly and the order was delivered in good condition.

Overall great just some suggestions

I wish there’s a rating on the items, or comment section. I really love how easy it is to return items and the browsing experince is really pleasant I wish there’s more coupons or discounts

Authentic product shipped directly from…

Authentic product shipped directly from European and Asian retailers. A must for U.S. buyers.

The bag come with the dust bag without…

The bag come with the dust bag without the box But everything else was good

The order arrived on time

The order arrived on time, but the packaging within the shoe box was really messy. No caring consideration of the shoes was there, the shoes were kind of dusty (have the impression that they have been wore before), there were 3 instead of 2 dusting shoe bags just thrown there and to my surprise there was no extra small underneath heel protectors as normally are. Although I was really anxious to own this particular pair, I have not made up my mind of whether I will keep it or not as I am kind of disappointed.

Excellent shopping choices

Excellent shopping choices. However -- several complaints: 1) Shopping from ISRAEL has become much more difficult as the duties are not included in the price anymore. Basically, it's made returns very difficult and annoying. No more impulse shopping! 2) The website: scrolling down the page: if you click on an item, on the return it does not go back to where you left off but rather to the top of the page. Not good...

it takes a long time to deliver the…

it takes a long time to deliver the products, especially those delivered with DHL and it should deliver faster !!

so cute and beautiful color

so cute and beautiful color

The shoes box is broken but the product…

The shoes box is broken but the product is okay

Fast delivery.great collection.

Fast delivery.great collection.

Great experience

Great experience

Everything was great but I was…

Everything was great but I was disappointed with the packaging ther is no brand bag or box but overall it’s good

Impressed in the fast delivery

Impressed in the fast delivery. Did not like the packaging as it was a gift, wish it came with the actual designer box instead of shipping packaging and dust bag.

The overall experience was good I…

The overall experience was good I didn’t receive a box for my Sunglasses I ordered I would like a box for such an expensive item.

Misleading Product Description

I try to be really careful when ordering online and I appreciate the lovely items that you have on Farfetch! In this situation, sadly, my order had to be returned. I always wear a Small in Alexander McQueen. However, I didn't see an explanation that this particular top is constructed of two attached pieces! The piece that has the skirt attached to it seems smaller than the T-Shirt! Therefore, this item does not fit. Also, when I took it to be returned, they said they had to charge me $5.00. The delivery time to me was excellent! I will certainly use Farfetch again! Thank you!

It was as expected

It was as expected

Ordered Joseph leather leggings and…

Ordered Joseph leather leggings and they are stunning. The packaging was a bit basic for a luxury purchase (it came in a nondescript plastic packet), and I also had to pay €13 for delivery which I think is a bit cheeky considering I paid over €1k for the leggings. That's why I didn't give 5*.

Amazing and experience and genuine…

Amazing and experience and genuine products

Great experience

Great experience! So much to choose from. The only issue is that you end up getting your product from different locations, with different delivery time and end up paying the couriers fee per each package

Geat Purchasing but item description lacking?

Purchasing experience:great Prices: a little inflated compared with competition . Regarding the item i purchased: I just find a little odd that a person that usually wears L-Xl finds a coat sized medium very very large. Is this size inflatiion?

Fast service

Fast service

To be honest I really loved the whole…

To be honest I really loved the whole experience, everything I bought from them is authentic, and the delivery is fast but the problem is the packaging !!the box came open without the original box of D&G and for me that was very disappointing

The delivery was perfect very fast.But…

The delivery was perfect very fast.But the conditions of the espadrilles is not perfect how you can buy from the shop.

The bag and service was A++ perfect but…

The bag and service was A++ perfect but I have to tell you that when the box showed up from UPS it was mangled! The box was crushed, all ripped up one side and I find this extra annoying because the item I ordered was shipped from a local boutique. It was shipped yesterday and I received it today all crushed. Luckily the bag was not damaged but you should know that UPS didnt really take good care of the package :-/

First time ordering from here

First time ordering from here, delivery was fast took about a week to get to Washington state. Very authentic. I sure will be ordering more from here again.

Great shopping , bad DHL delivery

Great shopping , very nice item but terrible delivery experience with DHL

Nice purchase and shipping experience

Nice purchase and shipping experience. Although this website does not carry very attractive pricing, the service and products availability is tops. I recommend it.

The service is fantastic, need better sizing information.

The service is fantastic, but it would help a lot if you did more with sizing. I am a size 10 AUS, 6US. I purchased a Marc Jobs T-shirt in a large and it was too small. To send it back you wanted to charge me $45!!!!!. I then ordered the extra large and it is a perfect fit.

Shopping experience at Farfetch

Plenty good choices of products..It will be great to have free delivery since many online retailers offer such.

Great service but delivery came later…

Great service but delivery came later than the scheduled time. Realized that DHL Repacked my Order and I couldn’t find the invoice for my second package

Loved my item

Loved my item. Surprised it didn’t come in a Ferragamo bag considering the money I paid for the item.

My order dispatched from Farfetch very quick....

My order shipped very fast from Farfetch it just took a long time to arrive. The box was burst open when I received it but nothing was damaged as thankfully they had it well wrapped up in the box.

Delivery time & return products

Delivery time is great even they delivered my product 2 days before the estimated day. Returns product is very easy & friendly treat with them

easy to order, great services, nice experience

Im absolutely satisfied ordering via Farfetch. The customer service is top notch and the shipping was amazingly quick. I love how they always have new products before anyone else does here.

My experience

Hello I have just received the item but is much bigger than expected. I will see if I will keep it or not. Besides this the delivery was ok and very quick. Thanks

Heart earrings

Love these earring big beautiful and shiny. Not too crazy about clip ons but they don’t hurt your ears .

Great selections and customer service

Great selections and customer service. I buy from them regularly. As a vegan I like that PETA has shares in the company and that they don't sell fur items. However its disappointing that they still sell exotic skins. Makes me want to shop less frequent. Prices tend to be more expensive than their rivals.

Very fast delivery

Very fast delivery, But the original Bottega Package was on 3 from 4 Sides Broken and in Bad shape

First order - good impression.

My first order with Farfetch and I am really pleased with it. Easy to order and good communication. Quick delivery within a couple of days (the product was shipped from Korea). The jacket was available only on Farfetch and it was on my radar for almost a year, waiting for the most attractive price point, and I have noticed the price was reduced to almost 50% for a couple of months and then drastically increased for a couple of weeks and then dropped again. And for that practice one star less. Also, when comparing sale price to another sellers, and even original brand websites, the sale prices on Farfetch are higher. However I find browsing more pleasant compared to another stores.

Love the boots

Love the boots. The only complaint is the first order I placed was canceled by Farfetch and which then costed me roughly 40usd in the return process

Lovely store

Lots of awesome products and I love my purchase. It just took little bit longer to arrive, but still doable time.

Shopping was a breeze

Shopping was a breeze. Delivery was very fast. One suggestion is to put the measurement of tees. I was deliberating between 2 sizes for a while.

Good and convenient

Convenient to use and prompt delivery.v

100% satisfied

Love Farfetch quality, variety of items I could find and how easy returns are. Very satisfied. Thank you!

The speed of delivery was brilliant

The speed of delivery was brilliant, as was the phone-customer service. Sadly I received two different sized boots. The good thing is that I was able to return them the same day that i received them due to the excellent return process. I look forward to receiving my refund so I can continue o shop with you.

Very good experience

Package arrives very fast. Less than a week from placing order! Satisfied with the whole shopping experience and process. The packaging of the parcels are very professionally done too. Thumbs up! Definitely will shop again with Farfetch!

Farfetch is great

I would give 5 stars since shopping with farfetch is fast and awesome, but dhl as a carrier is very deficient.