Beware Christmas gifts!

Beware Christmas gifts!! Very poor Xmas returns policy for a high-end retail business. I purchased an item on 13th Nov for £275 for my daughter for Christmas. After opening the gift on Christmas Day she found the item to be too large. I contacted Farfetch the week after Christmas and was advised no exchange or refund was possible! Never again!

Dirty Gucci wallet from Farfetch

I ordered gucci wallet from Farfetch. The wallet arrived quickly, but the original bag in which the wallet was packed arrived dirty. Such a feeling that someone ate on it. Since the wallet was bought as a gift, and the deadlines were tight, I could not return it back, and presented the wallet without this bag. I wrote to the support, and I was offered to return 5 percent of the cost of the wallet,Fine, I agreed. The day after they contacted me and said that they could return a smaller amount in dollars and only in COUPONS. After then I said that this is not okey they just stopped talking to me : )

Horrible experience

Horrible experience. I bought a tennis shoe from them on Nov 7, but the extended holiday season return only started a couple days later, but they did not accept my exchange the size, saying it was placed before nov 15. With the pandemic, the person gifted took longer to receive the gift than normally, but I was sure all businesses would extend the return period due to the current pandemic situation. This is absurd.And the customer service was very rude. Do not buy there if you want to exchange after.

HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE WITH CUSTOMER SERVICER

I had a horrible experience with Farfetch. My sister gave my daughter a shoe for Xmas that was bought in November. She bought it one month ahead because she didn't want to risk not having my daughters size available because of the supply chain issue that is going on because of covid. She bought size 8.5 thinking it was women, but it was 8.5 men. I called Farfetch to make exchange for correct size, spoke to a very bad humored lady called Rute, and she said they only do refund, no exchange,... but that they wouldn't be able to do it because my sister should have sent it back in less than 14 days after she bought it. This is crazy! The shoe is brand new, expensive (the size 8.5 was more than U$100 more expensive than other sizes) and I just wanted to exchange for the correct size. Very disappointed with Farfetch. They certainly lost two client, my sister and I, and lots of friends that also buy from them will certainly stop buying after this ...

Faulty item. Terrible customer service

F5YVVF bag strap broke after 2 weeks, customer service said they will look into it and ask the retailer, or I can send the item back to get repaired (2-3months wait). Waited a month for an answer from the retailer. Still nothing from them. when I asked for a refund or replacement I get told my order is out of the refund/replacement policy because more than a month passed but it was the retailer not answering fault not mine? Here I am with a new, faulty item and this is the quality customer service they offer to their customers? They told me I could take it to a repair shop myself and they could ‘maybe’ look into refunding the repair cost… Unbelievable. Never buying here again.

$400 heels for only one time worn, no repair/replace/return

I purchased a pair of $400 heels from Farfetch and wore them once for a 2-hour indoor ceremony. The leather peeled off on one heel and the sole on the toe side started to come off. I contacted the boutique for repair and the boutique said I should go through the process with Farfetch first. I sent the shoes back to Farfetch but they refused to get them repaired, replaced, or returned. I didn't anticipate shoes at this price can be only worn once and I didn't anticipate that no one would repair or replace them (so they are designed to be worn only once?).v

Alarm bell still attached to item at…

Alarm bell still attached to item at time of delivery. I cannot use the bag. I am highly disappointed

Worst service EVER!

As much as it pains me to say it, if I had to give a review between 0 and 10 I would give minus 2! I ordered from Farfetch after watching Daniel Simmons you tube channel advising how good they were and how he high recommended purchasing from them. I ordered some Y3 sneakers on the 30th of November 2021 and they still have not been dispatched from their supplier! I fully appreciate the Pandemic coupled with Christmas slows delivery of goods but it is getting onto 5 weeks now with no update on dispatch!!! I requested a refund and was told it was not possible to cancel my order even though they hadn’t been dispatched from the supplier? Farfetch then advised that they would give me an update on delivery or a refund after 2/3 business days but then changed their mind and said it was not it possible to give a refund? I have now had to contact my CC company and advise that I have been scammed and asked them to handle it on my behalf. Surely Farfetch should have a policy with their suppliers whereas if the goods can out be dispatched in a timely manner i.e. 1 week the customer should be given a refund???? I order sneakers from global suppliers and I must say that unequivocally this is the worst service I have ever received! For that reason I will not be ordering anything from Farfetch again and would not recommend to anyone else to. A very disgruntled customer!!!!!

Beware of price change at check out!!

I was about to make an order and suddenly the price changes at check out to normal, when it was discounted. Very dissapointing

I recently had very bad experience with…

I recently had very bad experience with Browns fashion ( which is owned by Farfetch) and to be honest this has really deterred me from buying anything from Farfetch as well. You should really consider how your reputation get affected by company like Browns Fashion which is an absolute fraud. I ordered expensive jewelry from Browns Fashion and I got delivered an empty box with no item inside. Browns Fashion supposedly conducted internal investigation and concluded that all went well. Can you imagine this.. If you want consumers to trust Farfetch do something about this fraud company called Browns Fashion.

Only buy if you want to loose your money

I can give 0 stars as well. I ordered my usual size UK 10 shoe from farfetch. The site everywhere boasts of easy returns. My shoe that came was very loose. When trying to return, it shows that order is non returnable. I mean I understand for certain products to be non returnable but a 1.5 k shoe which is loose should be returned and my correct size be delivered. I have the whole packaging available. If this is somekind of a weird policy, They should specifically list non returnable in front of the products so that customers like me are not duped.

wrong size and non refundable item very weird

i order size large and i receive size xxl ,instead if they don't have the size they should update the customer ,not send any size they have and what made it worse , they say the order is not refundable which is very weird .

Ordered a £200 T-shirt from Palm Angels…

Ordered a £200 T-shirt from Palm Angels and got delivered an empty box of rubbish from DHL Express, after contacting both companies who are totally useless i just keep being fobbed off, to add salt to my wound the phone call to DHL cost me just over £16!!! After several emails to Palm Angels I just keep being told it is being investigated!!! I don’t have to be a rocket scientist to answer that, after being sent a box that was not secured around the edges and with a Palm Angels sticker emblazoned on it, a temporary Christmas worker has pinched it!!! Not happy and will not be using this company again!!

Misleading sale

Misleading people to believe that you offer discounts. Some items that I followed and waited for the sale have had the price put up before the sale to bring down to the same price it was before the sale!

Don’t use this company. Totally disorganised

Don’t use this company. £731 of expensive jeans arrived in envelopes No boxes. 2 of 3 items didn’t fit. The Waybill enclosed from the boutique in Portugal had to go via Amsterdam. The Waybill enclosed from the boutique in Italy had to go to Italy. ???? This didn’t make sense to me. Phoned Customer service. “Yes” I was told “both correct”. The refund from Portugal took hours of communication but 5 weeks later I received a refund. However, Ive been informed today almost 2 months later that the jeans from Italy were never picked up. The assumption being that I still have them. NOT CORRECT!! My husband handed the package to the DHL driver. MyTheresa, The OUTNET, & Net-a-Porter use DHL. In 15 years I’ve never had a problem. Reading the reviews here it appears that I’m not the only one. STAY CLEAR OF this company. You may lose a lot of money like I did.

Just awful

Just awful. Paid 12 pounds for shipping on a pair of pricey shoes, took a week to come, ordered size 8 US. (On their website it literally says US size, no other option) As stated on website. Size 8 US - converts to Size 6 UK. So I was expecting a UK Size 6 to arrive. Instead I got a UK 8 Mens. Called customer service explaining they’ve sent the wrong shoe; and she said she doesn’t even know if I can be refunded the postage. I’m beyond annoyed, as on the box it says ‘farfetch, dispatched from Dover street market’ So I googled dover street market, the supplier, they’re selling the shoes with no postage fee. So you’ve whacked on 12 pounds for no reason? Because you’re under the name farfetch? I’m just frustrated - I needed them, I can’t just buy a new pair, they were very expensive. Now I have to wait apparently 20 business days for a refund. Don’t recommend

Nothing delivered

Ordered some shoes as a Christmas present and box delivered with no shoes in them. That’s bad enough but it’s taken weeks for get an answer on this (missing Christmas) and they say there’s nothing they can do. Crazy. Don’t trust this site.

Pricing Issue

I bought a jacket from Farfetch which was advertised as £471.67, reduced to £283.00 and promoted as 40% off. To my surprise, when I received the item, the original price was still on the label. This stated that the jacket was 399 Euros, around £343 at the time of purchase. At a discount of 40%, the jacket should have cost me no more than £205.80. I have notified Farfetch of this issue, however they have not offered to refund me the difference. I am very disappointed with the service and will take my custom elsewhere in the future.

I am very disappointed with this…

RTHYFRI am very disappointed with this site because I ordered a pair of Dr. Martens boots, which broke down after the first wear. I sent an e-mail and related pictures but they said that they were not worn properly and I have to send them to evaluate them, and it will take up to 3 months, during which time they run out of boots and no money. I wrote after less than 2 weeks and the quality guarantee does not exist or at least is not for the benefit of the client. I will never buy from them again. Sin.

Don’t order from Farfetch

I paid for DHL express delivery to make sure I have my shipment by Christmas, now after 18 day I still don’t have package!! Till few days ago it had NOT even been sent! Disgraceful! I’ve contacted customer care numerous times and they tell me I will have my refund when they get the shipment back. How can I send it back if I don’t even have it??? Absolutely terrible service! Don’t order from Farfetch, they keep your money and mess you around!!

They have taken my money but haven’t delivered my order

Made an order for a Christmas gift and paid express delivery to ensure it arrived on time. Delivery estimate was missed and as of 11 days post order it has still not been processed and nobody can say when it will. Customer service non-existent, after numerous phone calls and emails they keep promising to investigate but never make any contact back, or try resolve the issue. Edit post response Farfetch sent another general email saying it was being investigated 2 minutes before their response. Nearly a week later, still no meaningful update. They claim they are waiting on DHL and the boutique to respond to their emails. Apparently they don’t have the ability to call these companies, they can only email (despite me being able to get through to DHL by phone in 5 mins, who don’t have the package!). They seem to be unclear whether this package has been despatched or not, some customer services staff say it has, other say it hasn’t. Feel like I’m in a constant loop of inaction and incompetence

I sent back the swimming bra

I sent back the swimming bra. I wanted the money back. I only tried it for a once and returned it on time as it was rules. My great surprise, a picture was sent stating that the product is broken and we will not refund you. Unfortunately, I didn't notice it when I tried this swimmng bra. The picture what they send me shows that the seam is broken. Since this product was not small for me, I am pretty sure it was broken before it was sent to me or just bad quality . A quality product ( versace brand) should not break this way when try it ones. I warn everyone before you return, please check the product! They make you quilty and they do not return money! There are no guarantees you get your refund! Warning!

I got the wrong order!!

I got the wrong order!!! Extremely disappointed for the amount of money I spent to just be send a t shirt.

Shocking customer service

Purchased a pair of shoes in October - a stud fell off on the first time wearing them and all the other metal details scratched. Have been emailing customer service for 2 months with zero resolution of the issue. In response to note from Farfetch - the customer service person helping has just repeated the same message I have been receiving for over a month so still no resolution!

BEWARE!!!!!!

Their delivery solution is fraudulent and expensive goods are marked as delivered by their trusted delivery partners but items are not actually delivered. They need a better delivery partner for such expensive goods. BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What a vile company to deal with

What a vile company to deal with. Have been trying to return some poor quality goods for nearly a month now. On 4 occasions the courier has not turned up despite me waiting in! Trying email customer services is horrendous, you just get the same robot tone from the people who work there who clearly read from a script and can’t think of anything to say themselves and provide no help what so ever. They then lie to say I have stopped contact with them despite me having the emails to prove I have been messaging them. My next steps are to take legal action to reclaim the money. Have sent a letter warning of legal action if a resolution is not reached, but guess what, no one has replied!

purchased a Fendi ring which after 1…

purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, the bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Farfetch refuse to offer a refund and are forcing me to accept a replacement fendi ring, which I basically do not want, Farfetch are just missing the point! I have Purchased a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again as they do not appear to operate in line with the Consumer Rights Act 2015! Not interest in any form of a reply from Farfetch as nothing you will say stands any weight unless you are offering a full refund of £200.00 for the fendi ring!

Really bad experience and customer…

Really bad experience and customer service. I ordered a bag on sale 30%. But they never delivered the bag and returned it before I even got it. Now they want me to pay full price for the same bag if I want them to send it again. I ordered the bag in November and here I am 4 days before Christmas without a present for my wife. Be careful to buy anything from this website!

Worst customer service…

I had ordered a very expensive 30th birthday present in which was left on a doorstep on a very busy road. Unfortunately by the time I got home from work it had gone. They opened up an investigation and apparently had enough evidence by a picture on a doorstop, the door was closed and no one signed for it, that was enough evidence and I was not entitled to a refund. I was £260 down just before Christmas and it ruined a 30th birthday present. The customer service was absolutely shocking and I will let everyone know and I won’t be using them again.

WARNING! Delivered empty package and no refund!

On August 13th Farfetch delivered an EMPTY package that was supposed to contain a 175,5 euro wallet! The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch and instead of helping they kept me waiting for weeks and in the end did NOTHING and claimed it wasn't their fault. After complaining online again, they sent me this: "After careful review of your order details, we’re unable to issue you a refund for this order. We have confirmed that our partner included your item in the package sent to you. As an added measure, we also checked with the shipping partner who advised the package was not tampered with before or during delivery." In other words they claim that neither they nor the delivery company are at fault and refuse to refund. Did the wallet magically disappear as soon as the delivery person handed it to me?? Farfetch: give me my money back!

Worst site ridiculous

Worst site ridiculous not once but twice was sent wrong shoe size crazy first was sent size 9 (I’m a size 10.5/11) second time size 7 this a joke have no idea what’s going on lol this crazy.

Show box was worn out and not…

Show box was worn out and not presentable. Looked like the shoes were used. This is a Christmas gift and I am not happy with the presentation.

Following on from poor customer service...

So, having requested my third (!) pickup, I am still waiting. For some reason I can't get the courier to collect. I have now wasted 12 hours waiting in. I have requested a supervisor call me as I am not getting anywhere, but no-one has; no-one cares. After waiting 10 minutes to speak to someone again, have been offered a drop off option which I am taking as I don't believe anyone will ever pick this up. Please do not use this company. If your item arrives damaged, as mine did, they just won't pick it up and therefore you don't get a refund.

Really bad experience

Really bad experience. They send me a wrong item and I couldn’t give back because I exceeded 14 days. The worse part is that I haven’t been refund at all. No recommended

Thought this company was one of the…

Thought this company was one of the best, have recently found out it’s clearly not. Bought a product, received it faulty instead of helping the customer in terms of getting a quick refund as it was their error, it’s coming up to a month and I’m still waiting for my refund, I’m going to happily delete the Farfetch after this is finally resolved and not even bother with them again! I’d advise everyone else too also, so many better company’s out there. Brown’s Fashion being one

Terrible experience

Terrible experience. Faulty item arrived, waited in two full mornings for the returns courier. A week later the return was sent back to me with no reason given. Complicated returns process - the instructions given in the email from customer service differ from instructions given on the website. Avoid - worst retailer I’ve come across. Edit to add - I’ve received a call from the return courier to ask for more information before the return pick up can be confirmed. I am doubtful as to whether the return will be picked up as Farfetch have not responded! Terrible service!!!

Don’t refund for damaged and faulty items

I purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Bought a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again that’s for sure!v

The worst customer service

This is the worst customer service and customer care retailer that I have ever experienced. My parcel went missing and what they could track with their courier is a picture of a small "child" with an armful of parcels, no indication of the address, house number where they delivered it to. The "child" is not me or anyone I know. I live in a building with 22 flats, Farfetch saying that they are not going to do anything, no refund or replacement as according to their courier it was delivered to my building..??!! But no proof of delivery to me, no picture to proof which building it was delivered to. I tried showing the picture of the 'child receiver' across my building, no one has seen or know the person! All in all, bad service from Farfetch, zero customer care and really a FRAUD as I did not receive the item I paid for and I also paid for signed delivery, so please do not leave my parcel at a random place with random people! Do not buy from this place, there are other better online retailers!

Rude customer service

I purchased a pricey item from Farfetch, it arrived in an envelope which had been absolutely ruined after being posted all the way from Italy. I complained about the way my designer item arrived and there customer service has been shocking. At first they would discuss it, then they blamed the designer, and now there response is ‘return it’ not one apology in my countless emails to them. Please avoid this company or you will just get headache after headache, there are so many maxing companies out there. Avoid this one, I’m begging you!

I've been told that the items ordered…

I've been told that the items ordered were delivered. They have not. I am disappointed and very concerned. Will be calling my cc company tomorrow.

One of the shirts I received is very…

One of the shirts I received is very poor quality compared to the other yet they are the same brand. I believe it is a fake.

My order arrived damaged and I can't arrange a return

My order arrived damaged. It was collected by DHL for a return but they then delivered it back again to me(!) I rang again and the paperwork was not sent as promised so I rang a third time and booked anther pick up that never showed up. I have now rung a fourth time and am still waiting for even more paperwork that hasn't arrived. No-one will take responsibility and no-one has even apologised for the faulty goods. I will never use them again. I just want my refund.

Still no refund

Ordered a jacket of 545 euro and it arrived damaged. I sent the article back immediately. Two months later I still did not receive a refund. Its a lot of money and I wonder if I will ever get it back.

Was not happy

Was not happy, I paid $1750 for the bag but no proper box, and bag looks second hand.

I ordered a size 7 trainer and they…

I ordered a size 7 trainer and they sent a size 9 spoke to someone on the phone and they said send them back but wouldn’t exchange them for the correct size,I sent them back 5 weeks ago and still not received a refund,seems like they do this a lot reading some of the other reviews I will be reporting them to my bank tomorrow as it’s an absolute joke they took a week to deliver and still waiting 5 weeks for refund seems like they just like holding peoples money.

Farfetched is a horrible company

Farfetched is a horrible company. I have never experienced what they have put me through from any other company I have shopped with. I purchased $400 shirt from them on September 2nd because I was referred by a relative. I originally purchased 2 shirts but one was canceled due to it being sold out. My package was scheduled to be delivered on September 9th by fedex the package was supposedly delivered on September 8th. When I called farfetch and told them I hadn't received my package they claim I signed for it and I explained that there was no way I wasn't home I was in a meeting finalizing my child event. The company claimed to have opened up a investigation but closed it after a day and half. I reached out to fedex that told me they see I didn't sign for the package that the driver signed it and put left on the porch. I live in a apartment building and it clearly states this. If the packages was supposed to be signed that should indicate the package is of some value. So no one but me or member of my house should have signed.I contacted my bank that instructed me to resolve it with merchant I sent the letter that was sent to me by fedex executive department stating that driver signed and left the package and the company can file a claim. They just sent me a email after claim was reopen yesterday saying its closed with no detail. They are being completely dismissive to the fact I dont have a package and they are refusing to file claim with fedex. Im currently working with fedex executive department. This is really ridiculous. Im a first time customer and there is no customer service in the poor service they have provided. So they get to keep my money $400 and I have nothing and fedex stated several times they can file a claim. If the package was stolen thats not my fault they delivered with fedex and the driver illegally signed my name. They are now saying I filed a dispute with my bank which they told me too in order to get funds back and they claim its still on going which my bank has confused its not. My bank and fedex are both confused as why a dispute with my bank is preventing them for filing a claim with fedex. @farfetched what is the request for more information? What information your requested? I placed a order i never received I been trying and trying to get this resolved since September. I provided proof from fedex and still getting no help from yall. No customer should receive the level of experience especially new customer

Disappointing and confusing experience

Ordered a pair of shoes on November 27. No dispatch notice came through so contacted customer service on December 8. Was assured order was on its way and would arrive before Christmas. Then on December 13 I get an email saying my order is cancelled due to the item not being in stock with the partner and that a refund is incoming in the next two weeks. I then ordered the same shoes from a different site because it seemed like the matter was closed. The next day, I get two emails from Farfetch. One said that they had found the same shoes with a different partner and they’d notify me once they were dispatched. Then, after that, an email saying my refund (for the previous cancelled order) had been processed. This leaves me confused - I’m still getting the shoes but I’m also being refunded? Obviously not, because no business gives away things like that for free. All in all, a totally confusing process. It’s not clear enough to the customer that they’re ordering through Farfetch who source the product from a third party. Better communication needed at all stages of customer journey. Will be returning shoes when they arrive and €160 out of pocket before Christmas. Customer service sub par - communication looked like canned responses. Won’t ever be ordering from Farfetch again.

The trench was heavily stained

The trench had stains and marks that probably won’t be fixed by dry cleaning. These were not shown on the pictures and I was extremely disappointed to see the spots when I received my order.

COMPLETE FRAUDSTERS!!!

Further review as I am disgusted and at a complete loss with this company. Can someone please explain what your complaints procedure is? I'm over £400 out of pocket at the moment with no 30th birthday present for my sister. Item marked as delivered on farfetch website but the tracking number I was provided from DHL they have never even received the item. Sounds like fraud to me!!!!! Customer services had the cheek to ask me if this was delivered to a neighbour when the boutique are clearly up to something dodgy. I have been told this is being investigated and they will make contact with the boutique and DHL. Last contact was on Wednesday and no reply to any further emails sent. REFUND ME MY MONEY!!!!!! I don't even want the item anymore I don't want a single thing more to Do with you

DON'T ORDER FROM FARFETCH! Received empty package and no refund.

I had a terrible experience with Farfetch. On August 13th I received an empty package from Farfetch, that was supposed to contain a wallet that I paid 175.50 euros for. The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch to sort things out, and while they said that they would look into things, they did nothing to help. I called and emailed them multiple times, but eventually they just said it wasn’t their fault and I should contact UPS instead. I contacted UPS multiple times but they’re not helping either. They just say it’s “in progress”, but it’s been months now without any news. Even Paypal won’t help me get my money back. Farfetch, give me my money back!!

My replacement item was horrible it did…

My replacement item was horrible it did not come with authenticity card or the bag or box that YSL has. The bag was literally rolling inside a huge box I’m so aggravated and will not kee an item like this when it was supposed to be a brand new product. I can not gift this it looks like it came out of my closet very lack luster ! I have definitely had a horrible experience with far fetch this far.

Super bad experience

After purchasing the product a week, it has extra 30% off on this item, and I’m super irritated. I had already used it, so I cannot return it and repurchase it.  

The delivery service was fantastic and…

The delivery service was fantastic and I have no complaints. However, I'm disappointed that this items is labeled as a US size 4, but it fits like a size 0 and it's not returnable. Now I'm the proud owner of an item that isn't even close to fitting me. The size was misleading as I'm slender and size 4 actually runs a bit wide on me. This is not a US size 4 by any means.

Defective shoe

I’m really upset about my order. I really dont know why they did not check the product before send me. The orange labels of the off white shoe’ came ripped off…

Good choice but disappointed with service

Has a good selection of designer brands but I am very dissatisfied with the service. I have been waiting for weeks for an item to be dispatched. Customer support only informed me that there is a delay and they have no idea what's taking their partner so long to dispatch. I understand that it is the Christmas period, however, I ordered all the way back on the 3rd, well in advance so I expected a decent time frame to receive my order. For it to take weeks for the item to simply dispatch is ridiculous. To make matters worse, I have sent several emails and only one has been responded to.

I’m not happy with my order because it is not complete

I’m not happy with my order because it was a belted jacket but it was delivered without the belt.

the product came good

the product came good but i not will back to buy baceuse u didnt told me the SHIPPING you take is from DHL EXPRESS and its cost a more money. i am so disappointed ! and they did a lot of problems with their service . !!

Again defective

I have just received my beloved handbags, but they are all defective, but not as much as the last order. I don't want to waste time, so I accept the goods as usual; However, I hope your company can pay attention to the quality inspection.

Disappointed with presentation

Disappointed with presentation, just a Marc Jacobs bag in a plastic bag.. it is for a gift and I was expecting at least a dust bag

Beautiful product but not my size

Beautiful product. But not my size 9.5 and I am looking for size 8. When I bought it they said size is S/M. It was not clear. I will send it back. I like it very much but not my size.

Disgusting behaviour from DHL Malaysia

Great product, however I was charged import duty at my destination, this is not an issue. The issue was with DHL who payed the import duty on my behalf without informing me, then charged me an admin fee which was 45% of the import duty! Disgusting behaviour from DHL Malaysia. This has made me seriously consider not using Farfetch again. As stated the product is great.

Very poorly packaged

First time shopping with Farfetch and my item (that cost £350) arrived in a ripped bag and damp. No Farfetch packaging, no tissue paper or anything to protect it. Not what you expect when you are buying a designer item, especially when it is bought as a gift. I will certainly look to buy on sites such Mr Porter and Matches in the future as their packaging is always beautiful.

I ordered Zimmerman Cassia scallop-hem…

I ordered Zimmerman Cassia scallop-hem shorts but I received the belted floral-print shorts instead. This is really disappointed me after I waited for almost two weeks to receive it. It’s definitely going back!

paid £220 for a gift and box was damaged

bought a Christmas gift for my boyfriend, I paid over £200 for a pair of shoes and the box arrived damaged :(. a shame as he likes to keep them in the boxes. quick delivery though

I was not impressed that during “sale…

I was not impressed that during “sale time” the original price of my bag was rrp $897 with 22% taken off.. and the day after the sale finishes the regular price of the bag is now rrp $747. It’s quite obvious what farfetch have done there. Blatant misleading price setting and pushing discount figures that aren’t honest. Will shop around a lot more now rather than relying on the integrity of farfetch and will let my friends know to do the same. Disappointing.

Birthday promo code gone wrong

I received a birthday promo code stating that I can get 20 off 200, 60 off 400 or 125 off 600 Euro spent and I decided to buy 2 pairs of GGDB sneakers. One of the received products was faulty (the inner sole was to big for the shoe and it was not possible to comfortably walk in them) so I contacted Farfetch and was told to return the item, that I will be refunded half of the delivery costs and that I will get a new promo code to order a new pair of sneakers as they do not offer the exchanges. After weeks of emailing with their customer service and getting several wrong promo codes, offering only 10% off of my new order and after receiving my money back for the faulty item but not the promised half of the postage I can only say that I am more than disappointed in the way they treat their customers. I have bought products off of Farfetch numerous times but this is no way to do business, no matter how big of a discount they offer. Shame on you Farfetch!!

Customer service is not good+Sent only one shoe

Customer service is not good, they are quick to reply, but they copy and paste all the text. I ordered boots on their app, they’ve sent me just one! And then when they’ve sent the second one, first it could a long time and then they didn’t get the clearance to do so. So they’ve refunded me the price and said you either repay or return the one boot. I was expecting some incentive for the situation they’ve put me in. No, just a copied email.

I'm very disappointed with my ordered…

I'm very disappointed with my ordered package. I spent more than 400€ in a Versace Jeans Couture hoddie and it came in a simple envelope without Versave Jeans Couture own bag. I have others things of Versace Jeans Couture and all of them came with a dust bag. It seems a fake item of yours....i hope not....very disappointed with the Farfetch package

Not enough quality info about sizes and…

Not enough quality info about sizes and hence this shoe doesn't fit properly

Fast delivery was surprised received…

Fast delivery was surprised received them a few days after I ordered, but the size seems big which is confusing cause I bough the white pair in the same size and they fit well. Will have to return them.

Tax & Expensive atm international fee

I used to like Farfetch since I dont have to pay taxes back in 2020. However, its even worse when I was charged 10$ for ATM international fee which was expensive; I buy out of state products a lot but Im only charged 2-3$ for the AIF. With the same price, I guess I can buy goods at many retailers in the State.

Inflexible and uncooperative

I made I mistake with a size on an item for an order made at 11am. By 1230 I realised the error and tried to contact them to change it. I did not realise farfetch used various fulfilment companies to supply goods and that they do not control the stock or despatch. So despite the fact it is not yet processed, I cannot amend the order (even though they have the size I need) and have to wait for them to arrive and send them back to exchange. It’s a £570 item, if they were already despatched that’s one thing, but not being able to make a phone call to their fulfilment company to sort something so simple is poor service. I won’t consider ordering again.

This is my 2nd time trying to order…

This is my 2nd time trying to order these shoes on Farfetch. The 1st time my order was canceled and I was refunded after about 10 days, because the pair I ordered had some defect. This time, I got sent the wrong size. I ordered a 12.5 US and received a 12.5 UK, or a men’s size 13 US. Luckily for me these shoes run pretty narrow so I’ll probably keep them. Next time I’ll use ssense or ENDclothing

Be aware that there is only a 14 day…

Be aware that there is only a 14 day returns period. I was a few days over this and they refused to allow me to return some of my items (coming to a total of £600), despite me being a previously loyal customer.

Huge let down for the product

Huge let down for the product The earrings i received are poor quality. It got an obvious flaw on one of them. But i would rate 4 star for the customer service i had when i was trying to initiate the return process.

This is my honest feedback.

This is my honest feedback. I just want to share that I ordered a headband from Jennifer Behr and I am sad to receive it only wrapped in tissue in a cardboard box packaging. It does not carry any luxurious or exquisite touch at all. I will note on future orders in case I gift an item directly to someone. Apart from that, delivery was quick by DHL and shopping on the site was hassle free.

I sent 2/3 emails telling you that I…

I sent 2/3 emails telling you that I didn’t received my sunglasses yet and nobody answered me what happened. I called one time and you returned the amount of shipping but I want my glasses!!!

The sunglasses came dirty

The sunglasses came dirty with marks of foundation on them and with the off white box opened and I bought them as a gift so it was very uncomfortable

Wrong item delivered - TWICE

I was very satisfied with the shipping time; however, the wrong sized item was delivered -TWICE. I give up.

Not a good experience

I've been shopping at Farfetch for over 2 years. I received a pair of Saint Laurent sunglasses that were completely scratched. I had to return and pay for the return also which is completely ridiculous. I'm a Silver member there and I think it's the last time I will shop there. Totally turned off and lost time and money with this company. After all the money I spent there... not impressed. They offered free shipping but I already had 10% off my order and said they wouldn't allow to put the 10% off + the 20$ shipping fee together since it's only one code at a time. To I couldn't even use their free shipping on this order. So cheap!

Coulda been a lil faster with the shipping

Product took 4 extra days on top of the 5 days it you guys told me it would take to ship. Products box was a little mangled. Shoes were good tho.

wrong items sent to me

the actual order process was very easy and shipping was extremely quick however i was sent the incorrect items

I have ordered several things from…

I have ordered several things from farfetch, but this was the first time I received something so poorly packaged. Very disappointing that such an expensive item looked like it was literally just thrown in a box. When I have ordered jackets from other sites - they have come protected with a special box and hanger and dust bag. My balmain blazer did not even come with spare buttons! Something that should have been there at the very least.

The swimming suit not as in the picture on farfetch

The swimming suit i received is good quality. However, it was not as pictured on farfetch. The one that i ordered was supposed to have wide padded shoulders unlike the one that i received. I initially ordered it because of its padded shoulders that i found really nice. And when you purchase a swimming suit at AED800 you’d expect to receive the item as described online.

Package not checked properly 

Farfetch has always been good to me until today when I received 2 left foot shoes in a box Please advise your partner boutiques or your checking team to be more detail orientated and thorough before sending shipment Another improvement I'd like farfetch to take seriously but they probably wouldn't do anything about is courier pickup selection times. I'm sure i'm not the only person who works 9-5 every week with weekends being the only time i'm free to wait 3 hours for a courier to retrieve the package. Please revise on your courier services to be more convenient, i don't have the time to wait 3 hours plus not know exactly when between 3-6pm the postman is going to come. I had to cancel appointments just to wait around, please let customers choose a specific time for pickup service + weekend times as well. Some people have tight schedules and don't have time to wait for 3 hours without a specific time to expect.

Bad experience

I ordered a pair of Gucci Heel Sandals for a special occasion and the state that it was delivered to me in was completely unacceptable, and what I would consider shocking condition for a luxury brand. Gucci shoes are usually always packaged individually in dust bags - which was far from the case when ordering online through Farfetch. My shoes came wrapped in plastic, the sticky label on the bottom of the shoe had been torn off and when I looked closely, scuff marks were visible on the shoe. It was clear these shoes were a bad-quality return. After reaching out to customer service I did not even receive a follow up on how the complaint had been escalated when I had sent through the images of the shoes. No one should receive shoes in that state, and this is particularly bad due to the luxury brand standards Gucci as a company holds and the lack of upholding these standards on Farfetch’s behalf.

I am normally pleased with my purchases…

I am normally pleased with my purchases from Farfetch. Unfortunately, my last order was a disappointment. I purchased a stunning long, Brunello Cucinelli dress with monilli straps. When I opened the parcel, however, this expensive piece had literally been dumped in the shipping box without a garment bag, tissue, or proper protective cover. This carelessness falls on the shoulders of the boutique that shipped the dress but, by association, reflects on Farfetch.

I ordered a pair of white Valentino…

I ordered a pair of white Valentino wedges and when the arrived they were creme, very disappointed!

Farfetch review

I shopped on Farfetch for years. Used to be a good site, prices were fair, and they often had promotional discounts. Now they charge twice what other merchants charge for the same product, started collecting tax, and not just from US retailers, and stopped having promotions. So i stopped shopping there. There are many other online retailers far better than Farfetch.

High shipping costs yet no service at all

You pay very high shipping costs with an order. Unfortunately, they ship with UPS, where there is a very high chance that the package will be lost, as was the case with me. I didn't mind paying high shipping costs because I assumed the service would be commensurate. However, this was not the case. I am still waiting for a lost package.... The customer service is friendly, but as long as they continue to work only with UPS, this was the last time for me.

No longer provide good service. Failing.

Farfetch used to be one of my favourite go-to online retailers. But as they no longer bothering to reply when when incorrect sizes/ incorrect items are received, then the project is failing. My recent two orders resulted in a) a different item being received, then b) an incorrect size/ incorrect item being received. I feel that their project is failing.

First and last time farfech won’t return money if package was stolen.

This was my first time ordering from farfetch and it’s definitely going to be my last. I order a pair of comme des garcona plag converse for my birthday and it was stolen. I got the email saying how my package was delivered and left at my door cool, got home and my package wasn’t even at my door . Contacted Ups and they told me to contact far fetch but they will contact the driver and see what happened. When I called far fetch they told me to wait till the next day I waited for the next day still no package. Call far fetch back and Explain what happened and they said how they would contact ups to see where’s my package. As I kept in contact with far fetch customer service I asked if they were able to send me a replacement they said they don’t send replacement but they can try to refund me my money . Got a email from them saying that they are unable to refund me my money because my package was delivered to the address that was provided. I wouldn’t be going through all of this if I had my package and I would’ve wrote a good review for the fast shipping. This is also my first time writing a bad review for a company. Like I told the customer service representative in the email I would never order from this company ever again.

False product description & terrible packaging

Since Farfetch offers great deals on many luxury pieces, I was inevitably intrigued to make a purchase. I ordered a bag which was described as new with tags. Upon receiving my product, I noticed that Farfetch sends products directly from boutiques around the world, a sweet approach in helping small businesses make sales. The bag was as described apart from the fact that the stickers that are usually on the metal tips of the bag were removed therefore had moderate scratches on them. Secondly the packaging of the item was appalling. The beautiful leather bag was wrapped in a piece of flimsy tissue paper and thrown in a brown box taped with the Farfetch logo. There was no protection at all, due to the bag tumbling and tossing in the card board box this may have been the reasoning behind the scratches on the bag. As I did not want to cause myself stress with returning the product, I have kept it and hope to make a use out of it. Farfetch please make it a protocol for the small businesses to use adequate packaging when sending out a product. After all these are luxury items and customers need to be provided with the luxury experience.

They really don’t have knowledge of the shoes they sell

I talked to a representative on the phone and tried to get a good understanding on how the sizes run. She told me another size was gonna run a bit bigger when al along I needed the bigger size. They don’t run true to size, you have to buy them a size and a half up from your regular size

Lack of authenticity card with purchase and came looking used

Bought a pair of prada boots and they came looking used, the boots were scratched in places and had creases as though it was one pair that was out on display. The packaging again looked used, and it came with no authenticity card or anything I never write reviews but I’m so disappointedv

Dirty sneakers in wrong size.

I ordered sneakers in size 38IT and when I opened the box, there were sneakers in size 40IT. I know this stuff can happen, the worst is that one of the sneakers is dirty! For a sneakers that costs 650 euro, I am really disappointed.

Package arrived on time but the box was…

Package arrived on time but the box was damaged and that can be upsetting. The measurements on the purse say 7 in in length buts it’s definitely smaller. overall an okay purchase.

I received a faulty item through Far…

I received a faulty item through Far Fetch (came from YSL Old Bond Street). I reported the item to Far Fetch and they told me to return the item and re-order it again. I reordered the item again online and I was literally sent the same faulty bag again for the second time. I understand that the bag was coming from the YSL store but it's still not good enough. This has wasted so much of my time ordering, arranging return couriers, waiting for the $ to be transferred back into my account etc. I am very hesitant to use Farfetch again, it's just not worth it if they can't control the quality of the items that are sent from stores. Especially after I reported a faulty item and it obviously was just sent back to me. NB: I give this 2 stars and not 1 because their customer service line has been responsive at least

Disappointing

Disappointing. Ordered a dress. The wrong item came. I called them to see if they could arrange a swap. The customer service rep found that there seemed to be 2 items with similar names (and prices) I ordered a long silky dress, what came was a short leopard print dress. But we cross referenced item numbers and I was assured by that customer service representative that it was just an error and if I ordered again, the right item would get here in time for my birthday (where I live we can now go out to dinner in small groups - so I was excited to wear something pretty). So I ordered again. I was impressed when I even got a WhatsApp message saying they had followed up with the store to make sure the right item was sent this time. That turned out to be nonsense because, you guessed it, I received the wrong item again. I think the intentions of the customer service representatives are good. The actual help they can offer or control is absolutely minimum and sadly rather pointless. Little bit gutted to not be having a lovely new frock to wear next weekend.

Description doesn’t match actual…

Description doesn’t match actual product. Regular fit in description but when product arrived it was a slim fit.. As this is my first time purchasing , I am quite impressed with the packing . Included for each shirt was a dust bag. 

delivery did not meet the expectations…

delivery did not meet the expectations i raise when ordering from farfetch

Shipping was handled so poorly that I…

Shipping was handled so poorly that I had to have an item refunded. It was in customs for weeks and I had multiple several hour calls to try to get the item through customs. Later I found out that both items I purchased were marked up by about 100%

Bad customer service no replies

I never write reviews however I am shocked how a luxury retailer cannot post accurate images of what they are selling and not reply to any emails. I bought a pair of expensive trainers and when they arrived they were not what I was expecting, as the colour was wrong. This is no error or mine and they were misrepresented visually online and the image showed the colour I actually wanted ! No one at Farfetch seems to care as I have not had a respond to one email ! They clearly do not check the item against the images on there website which is awful for a retailer selling luxury items, from reading reviews I have seen this has happened to other people as well. When I sent them a message on Twitter they said someone would email me but no one has responded!There retina service seemed to me, easy and free which I think is very good but I am now very concerned about getting a refund as a lot of customers have said Farfetch have made it difficult to get there money back. These were a present and it is a lot of money, for a retailer selling premium items they should have good customer service and an accurate website with images that actually are the product they are selling !

Having problems getting a refund…

Having problems getting a refund despite the item having been misrepresented visually and discriptively online. Not enough care is given in this regard, they clearly do not check the item against the visuals provided by the manufacturers. They just put the visuals on their website without checking that they are accurate. Then when evidence is provided and the item cost in excess of £3000, they do not refund. The item was a present but we went over the 14 day regund time as my husband didn't give me the present within that time and I hadn't been able to check it and see the difference. This goes against the consumer rights act 2015. Very difficult to speak to someone in person, so you just get 'the computer says no' automatated response, even after a well put and personal, heart felt email. This online purchasing at it's worse.

Easy ordering and return.

I ordered a smaller size first (based on the sizing advice). As I did need one size bigger (Italian sizing is extremely small!), I had to re-order, therefore the 4 stars. But everything went smoothly (the package even arrived 5 days prior to expected delivery date) I noticed the sizing got adjusted, which is brilliant. Thank you FarFetch! Keep up the good work.

Beautiful boot

Beautiful boot. Great price. Glad they finally arrived. Can't wait to wear them

I'm really excited when I decided to…

I'm really excited when I decided to place my order to farfetch. The package has been arrange quickly more than I expected. Total around only 8 days I Got received! But it is a little more worries about the package -- when I start to open the carton and take out the bag, I can almost see inner from carton gap which mean there are no protect material or second plastic around the bag, it's directly dust bag and the invoice document. when I take all satff out can feel some humid. My point is, you might be seriously consider to improve the package method to support worldwide delivery.

Love it

I love the dress. It just came a little late

Excellent service ..quick delivery

Excellent service ..quick delivery

Difficult to return.

Difficult to return.

Great website

Great website Orders often arrive in very basic packaging which is unimpressive especially if they are expensive pieces.

Item arrived in good time

Item arrived in good time, a little annoyed that the necklace was all knotted together and had to spend over an hour trying to get it right to be able to wrap it as a gift. But all in all a very good experience

Payment processing

It was difficult to place my order at first , a lot of verification for payment, this is my first time of me buying online and asking me to send a copy of my id and card number details to check if its my card using for purchase. They cancelled my first order because they cannot verify my identity, they asked me to place a new order and send a copy of ID and picture of the card used for payment.🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️

My first time- great service😃

My first time- great service😃

love it

perfect for daily use

Highly recommend

I have been Gold customer for 2 years and I have never had a problem. I love I can get access to products not available in my country 👍 The delivery service is really fast. Highly recommended !!!

The Paul Smith T is nice except the…

The Paul Smith T is nice except the price a little steep!

Customs clearance was a bit long…

Customs clearance was a bit long (because some information was missing) and for a 2500$ suit the packaging is a bit "minimalist". A suit cover and a hanger would have been welcome.

Really cool service this time.

Really cool service this time.

Fast delivery and reliable

Fast delivery and reliable

Bag arrived quickly and as advertised.

Bag arrived quickly and as advertised. Just don’t understand why it was placed bare, as is, in the cardboard shipping box. I was surprised that it wasn’t wrapped in some sort of bag or at least in the black sac that comes with the bag.

Fast delivery.

As for the speed of the delivery and well packaged item sent to me, I would give five stars, the reason for only four stars is due to the sandals themselves, since compared to the black patent (same style and size as this one) one I had just bought a week ago, which fit flawlessly, these nude color ones seem slightly bigger and wider. It is as if the shoes were made in different factories, using different measurements. So needless to say will be returning these sandals, since they don’t fit and quiet look the same as the black ones.

Happy but important detail in description missed

Happy with the delivery and whole purchase process. I have many pairs of Birkenstock’s and so know that the size would be right, however there was no indication that this particular pair was in the Narrow cut (and so I thought it was the normal cut) which I think is a vital piece of information!! I will keep this pair but next time I will make sure the details before purchasing.

It should be probably 2 or 3 stars

It should be probably 2 or 3 stars, because, after I bought an item, few days later, I received an email about refunding my money with no explanation. Any way, o contacted the Far fetch administration and they reacted very quickly to my email and explained me the situation (it was out of stock) and quickly ordered the same item from another seller and even covered my expenses. So, for this , I am very thankful. And I vas pretty happy until I got a message that I have to go and pick up the item from the DHL post office which is in the other side of my city. Usually courier brings the thing after I order, so I was a little bit upset. Thank you. Milda Vysniauskaite

Great Service

All the process was done quickly and the order was delivered in good condition.

Overall great just some suggestions

I wish there’s a rating on the items, or comment section. I really love how easy it is to return items and the browsing experince is really pleasant I wish there’s more coupons or discounts

Authentic product shipped directly from…

Authentic product shipped directly from European and Asian retailers. A must for U.S. buyers.

The bag come with the dust bag without…

The bag come with the dust bag without the box But everything else was good

The order arrived on time

The order arrived on time, but the packaging within the shoe box was really messy. No caring consideration of the shoes was there, the shoes were kind of dusty (have the impression that they have been wore before), there were 3 instead of 2 dusting shoe bags just thrown there and to my surprise there was no extra small underneath heel protectors as normally are. Although I was really anxious to own this particular pair, I have not made up my mind of whether I will keep it or not as I am kind of disappointed.

Excellent shopping choices

Excellent shopping choices. However -- several complaints: 1) Shopping from ISRAEL has become much more difficult as the duties are not included in the price anymore. Basically, it's made returns very difficult and annoying. No more impulse shopping! 2) The website: scrolling down the page: if you click on an item, on the return it does not go back to where you left off but rather to the top of the page. Not good...

it takes a long time to deliver the…

it takes a long time to deliver the products, especially those delivered with DHL and it should deliver faster !!

so cute and beautiful color

so cute and beautiful color

The shoes box is broken but the product…

The shoes box is broken but the product is okay

Fast delivery.great collection.

Fast delivery.great collection.

Great experience

Great experience

Everything was great but I was…

Everything was great but I was disappointed with the packaging ther is no brand bag or box but overall it’s good

Impressed in the fast delivery

Impressed in the fast delivery. Did not like the packaging as it was a gift, wish it came with the actual designer box instead of shipping packaging and dust bag.

The overall experience was good I…

The overall experience was good I didn’t receive a box for my Sunglasses I ordered I would like a box for such an expensive item.

Misleading Product Description

I try to be really careful when ordering online and I appreciate the lovely items that you have on Farfetch! In this situation, sadly, my order had to be returned. I always wear a Small in Alexander McQueen. However, I didn't see an explanation that this particular top is constructed of two attached pieces! The piece that has the skirt attached to it seems smaller than the T-Shirt! Therefore, this item does not fit. Also, when I took it to be returned, they said they had to charge me $5.00. The delivery time to me was excellent! I will certainly use Farfetch again! Thank you!

It was as expected

It was as expected

Ordered Joseph leather leggings and…

Ordered Joseph leather leggings and they are stunning. The packaging was a bit basic for a luxury purchase (it came in a nondescript plastic packet), and I also had to pay €13 for delivery which I think is a bit cheeky considering I paid over €1k for the leggings. That's why I didn't give 5*.

Amazing and experience and genuine…

Amazing and experience and genuine products

Great experience

Great experience! So much to choose from. The only issue is that you end up getting your product from different locations, with different delivery time and end up paying the couriers fee per each package

Geat Purchasing but item description lacking?

Purchasing experience:great Prices: a little inflated compared with competition . Regarding the item i purchased: I just find a little odd that a person that usually wears L-Xl finds a coat sized medium very very large. Is this size inflatiion?

Fast service

Fast service

1

I love receiving my Farfetch packages, my item is always as described, well wrapped and beautifully presented. My item arrived within the suggested time frame. Very happy, yet again.

2

I love them and shipping was wayyyyyy faster than expected

3

Easy toby, very good price and delivery in not very long time.! I love Farfetch!!!

4

I love creoles, these are just perfect.

5

Always the best words for Farfetch! The order came extremely fast, was as described, always a pleasure to shop with you, guys!

6

Great service, fast delivery and accurate tracking method, with a very competitive price.

7

Great! I dont have anything bad to say. My orders came sooner than i expected. I’m fully satisfied, the packaging was perfect and the products without any flaw. I will definitely order again soon!

8

Quick delivery. Fantastic shawl. Everything perfect !

9

thank you soooooo much for the speedness

10

Amazing. I bought sunglasses and everything was perfectly smooth: fast shipping, packaging, and communication. Product was the same as described. Love it

11

Fast shipment, very good services, everything on point!

12

very convenient !

13

Order was delivered in 8 days, package presentation was what you would expect from price point. I was having a really hard time finding shoe in the size that I needed. I would absolutely order from FF again under the same circumstances. Thanks for the super quick shipment.

14

Came quickly thank you

15

Cool outstanding

16

Easy to purchase, quick delivery, product is exactly what I expected. 10/10

17

Nice shoes Thanks a lot .

18

It's amazing to receive the order within 3 days. The color and the size of the bag are exactly what I expected from the internet.

19

Quick delivery, good prices, overall happy with the services they provide.

20

My order got delivered way ahead the given schedule.. Excellent service. 😊

21

I received the goods really fast. However, the size was not detailed enough and I couldn’t fit the size that I ordered for the dress

22

at first I was skeptical - but I am honestly so impressed - my yeezys were shipped quickly and arrived 4 days earlier than expected - thank you farfetch! super convenient - will buy again in the future

23

Great for any inconvenience, super fast to solve anything and helping for retur information!

24

Exellent service and quick deliveries

25

Shopping is always agood idea with you…keep it up👍

26

Fast and accurate, and products are exactly as described. High quality experience. Will use again.

27

It was such a nice experience with Farfetch site, the product I have received was as expected and shipping was super fast 👍

28

Low price and fast delivery

29

Excelant service

30

I have shopped at Farfetch for years. There is no better site for global boutique shopping. It is such an easy process to purchase, receive and return if needed. The selection is outstanding and I like the promotions I've taken advantage of in 2021.

31

Fast delivery in love with my product

32

Great customer experience! Perfect price, perfect delivery and customer notification!

33

I have always had really positive experiences with FarFetch, hence why I am a repeat customer (and have part of their Platinum membership tier). The ability to shop from boutiques all over the world provides a huge variety of products at different price points and FarFetch make the shopping process easy and stress free. Every time I contact their customer service division the FarFetch staff go out of their way to assist me with any queries or assistance I need. I would highly recommend FarFetch to anyone.