1

Just awful. Paid 12 pounds for shipping on a pair of pricey shoes, took a week to come, ordered size 8 US. (On their website it literally says US size, no other option) As stated on website. Size 8 US - converts to Size 6 UK. So I was expecting a UK Size 6 to arrive. Instead I got a UK 8 Mens. Called customer service explaining they’ve sent the wrong shoe; and she said she doesn’t even know if I can be refunded the postage. I’m beyond annoyed, as on the box it says ‘farfetch, dispatched from Dover street market’So I googled dover street market, the supplier, they’re selling the shoes with no postage fee. So you’ve whacked on 12 pounds for no reason? Because you’re under the name farfetch? I’m just frustrated - I needed them, I can’t just buy a new pair, they were very expensive. Now I have to wait apparently 20 business days for a refund. Don’t recommend

2

no original packaging.product is fake.

3

Purchased a $2,750 YSL bag, and when i recieved it in person is completely different to advertising photos, not even the same colour or material and says non-refundable. This is unacceptable and I want my money back ASAP. This is the first and last time I'll ever shop here.

4

It took 20 days to get my order after I was initially was only supposed to take around with no communication from the company until after Christmas

5

Ordered some shoes as a Christmas present and box delivered with no shoes in them. That’s bad enough but it’s taken weeks for get an answer on this (missing Christmas) and they say there’s nothing they can do. Crazy. Don’t trust this site.

6

I bought a jacket from Farfetch which was advertised as £471.67, reduced to £283.00 and promoted as 40% off.To my surprise, when I received the item, the original price was still on the label. This stated that the jacket was 399 Euros, around £343 at the time of purchase. At a discount of 40%, the jacket should have cost me no more than £205.80.I have notified Farfetch of this issue, however they have not offered to refund me the difference.I am very disappointed with the service and will take my custom elsewhere in the future.

7

RTHYFRI am very disappointed with this site because I ordered a pair of Dr. Martens boots, which broke down after the first wear. I sent an e-mail and related pictures but they said that they were not worn properly and I have to send them to evaluate them, and it will take up to 3 months, during which time they run out of boots and no money. I wrote after less than 2 weeks and the quality guarantee does not exist or at least is not for the benefit of the client. I will never buy from them again. Sin.

8

I paid for DHL express delivery to make sure I have my shipment by Christmas, now after 18 day I still don’t have package!! Till few days ago it had NOT even been sent! Disgraceful! I’ve contacted customer care numerous times and they tell me I will have my refund when they get the shipment back. How can I send it back if I don’t even have it??? Absolutely terrible service! Don’t order from Farfetch, they keep your money and mess you around!!

9

You send me differents sizes of the shoes, one is 37 and the other 38!

10

This company scammed us. DO NOT BUY FEOM HERE!!!! Absolutely rude staff never aloud me to talk. If I was the director of this company I would seriously go on a customer service course.

11

Made an order for a Christmas gift and paid express delivery to ensure it arrived on time. Delivery estimate was missed and as of 11 days post order it has still not been processed and nobody can say when it will. Customer service non-existent, after numerous phone calls and emails they keep promising to investigate but never make any contact back, or try resolve the issue.Edit post responseFarfetch sent another general email saying it was being investigated 2 minutes before their response. Nearly a week later, still no meaningful update. They claim they are waiting on DHL and the boutique to respond to their emails. Apparently they don’t have the ability to call these companies, they can only email (despite me being able to get through to DHL by phone in 5 mins, who don’t have the package!). They seem to be unclear whether this package has been despatched or not, some customer services staff say it has, other say it hasn’t. Feel like I’m in a constant loop of inaction and incompetence

12

I sent back the swimming bra. I wanted the money back. I only tried it for a once and returned it on time as it was rules. My great surprise, a picture was sent stating that the product is broken and we will not refund you. Unfortunately, I didn't notice it when I tried this swimmng bra. The picture what they send me shows that the seam is broken. Since this product was not small for me, I am pretty sure it was broken before it was sent to me or just bad quality . A quality product ( versace brand) should not break this way when try it ones. I warn everyone before you return, please check the product! They make you quilty and they do not return money! There are no guarantees you get your refund! Warning!

13

I got the wrong order!!! Extremely disappointed for the amount of money I spent to just be send a t shirt.

14

Purchased a pair of shoes in October - a stud fell off on the first time wearing them and all the other metal details scratched.  Have been emailing customer service for 2 months with zero resolution of the issue.In response to note from Farfetch - the customer service person helping has just repeated the same message I have been receiving for over a month so still no resolution!

15

UPDATE STILL NO REBATE AND NO GOODS EITHERI had an email from Farfetch on 17/12/21 which said: "Sorry you’ve not received your refundI’ve looked into this for you, and the return shipment is currently on hold"Yesterday, 22/12/21, they emailed me and said it was DHLs fault as they didn't pick up the parcel.  Who would you believe?  This looks like !passing the buck" Don't make the mistake I did and use this company.  Anyone know what legal recourse I have?

16

Their delivery solution is fraudulent and expensive goods are marked as delivered by their trusted delivery partners but items are not actually delivered. They need a better delivery partner for such expensive goods.BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

17

Terrible service A $600 USD order and did not arrive on time !I’ll never use you again !!John V Washko

18

What a vile company to deal with. Have been trying to return some poor quality goods for nearly a month now. On 4 occasions the courier has not turned up despite me waiting in! Trying email customer services is horrendous, you just get the same robot tone from the people who work there who clearly read from a script and can’t think of anything to say themselves and provide no help what so ever. They then lie to say I have stopped contact with them despite me having the emails to prove I have been messaging them. My next steps are to take legal action to reclaim the money. Have sent a letter warning of legal action if a resolution is not reached, but guess what, no one has replied!

19

Ordered a jacket for over £1000 on 01/12/21 an got delivered a box of rubbish from dhl an all I keep getting is that it’s being investigated so I’ve got no money an no jacket. Will never use again

20

TOTAL DISASTER IF YOU NEED TO RETURN GOODS. REBATE NON EXISTENTReturned orders are handled by nothing less than dreadful mismanagement.  I returned 2 items that arrived together The return waybills were totally different.  Package 1 returned 17/11/21 The postal waybill made out to Farfetch in Amsterdam, but not to the boutique in Italy where the jeans originated.  Package 2 returned 22/11/21 the waybill was for the boutique partner in Portugal.  I phoned FF for advice as I found it very confusing and was told that the different waybills were correct.  GUESS WHAT?  The parcel for Italy via Amsterdam is still stuck in customs in UK 6 weeks later.  Parcel 2 eventfully made it to Portugal but it took 5 weeks to arrive/rebate.  The business model for this company doesn't work for customers in UK I feel.  There are too many avenues for mistakes & mismanagement.  The company advertises goods from European boutiques, but there is no consistency.  I see from the reviews that many customers are in my position i.e. no goods and/or no return of money!  Even when the package arrives at FF the company still has to post it to the boutique and hopes that the boutique will return the cost of the item.  I am still almost £300 out of pocket 4 days before Christmas when I need my money badly!  Customer Services make the right noises both on the phone and on this website.  However, FF is just the middleman I think.  It is the boutique that returns to money/or not!!  I guess FF just advertises for the boutiques  Be very cautious. Try a different European company like Net-A-Porter, The Outnet or My Theresa.  These companies package the items beautifully too! So Farfetch, what is our legal right here?

21

Places order on the 10th 11 days later no update regarding my order . Call customer service advised package may be lost

22

I waited for weeks for this jacket and when it finally arrived, it was completely the wrong item altogether and I can’t return it online.

23

purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, the bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Farfetch refuse to offer a refund and are forcing me to accept a replacement fendi ring, which I basically do not want, Farfetch are just missing the point! I have Purchased a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again as they do not appear to operate in line with the Consumer Rights Act 2015!Not interest in any form of a reply from Farfetch as nothing you will say stands any weight unless you are offering a full refund of £200.00 for the fendi ring!

24

Really bad experience and customer service. I ordered a bag on sale 30%. But they never delivered the bag and returned it before I even got it. Now they want me to pay full price for the same bag if I want them to send it again. I ordered the bag in November and here I am 4 days before Christmas without a present for my wife. Be careful to buy anything from this website!

25

I ordered a size 5.5 And I received 7Plz contact me ASAP +972 549197799

26

I had ordered a very expensive 30th birthday present in which was left on a doorstep on a very busy road. Unfortunately by the time I got home from work it had gone. They opened up an investigation and apparently had enough evidence by a picture on a doorstop, the door was closed and no one signed for it, that was enough evidence and I was not entitled to a refund. I was £260 down just before Christmas and it ruined a 30th birthday present. The customer service was absolutely shocking and I will let everyone know and I won’t be using them again.

27

Took almost a month to arrive and when it finally came it was not what I ordered .

28

On August 13th Farfetch delivered an EMPTY package that was supposed to contain a 175,5 euro wallet! The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch and instead of helping they kept me waiting for weeks and in the end did NOTHING and claimed it wasn't their fault. After complaining online again, they sent me this:"After careful review of your order details, we’re unable to issue you a refund for this order. We have confirmed that our partner included your item in the package sent to you.As an added measure, we also checked with the shipping partner who advised the package was not tampered with before or during delivery."In other words they claim that neither they nor the delivery company are at fault and refuse to refund. Did the wallet magically disappear as soon as the delivery person handed it to me??Farfetch: give me my money back!

29

I provided a 1 star because the incorrect size was shippped to my house. This is a Christmas gift for my daughter and now she is not going to have a Christmas gift.

30

Worst site ridiculous not once but twice was sent wrong shoe size crazy first was sent size 9  (I’m a size 10.5/11) second time size 7 this a joke have no idea what’s going on lol this crazy.

31

Show box was worn out and not presentable. Looked like the shoes were used. This is a Christmas gift and I am not happy with the presentation.

32

So, having requested my third (!) pickup, I am still waiting. For some reason I can't get the courier to collect. I have now wasted 12 hours waiting in. I have requested a supervisor call me as I am not getting anywhere, but no-one has; no-one cares. After waiting 10 minutes to speak to someone again, have been offered a drop off option which I am taking as I don't believe anyone will ever pick this up. Please do not use this company. If your item arrives damaged, as mine did, they just won't pick it up and therefore you don't get a refund.

33

Really bad experience. They send me a wrong item and I couldn’t give back because I exceeded 14 days. The worse part is that I haven’t been refund at all. No recommended

34

Thought this company was one of the best, have recently found out it’s clearly not. Bought a product, received it faulty instead of helping the customer in terms of getting a quick refund as it was their error, it’s coming up to a month and I’m still waiting for my refund, I’m going to happily delete the Farfetch after this is finally resolved and not even bother with them again! I’d advise everyone else too also, so many better company’s out there. Brown’s Fashion being one

35

Terrible experience. Faulty item arrived, waited in two full mornings for the returns courier. A week later the return was sent back to me with no reason given. Complicated returns process - the instructions given in the email from customer service differ from instructions given on the website. Avoid - worst retailer I’ve come across.Edit to add - I’ve received a call from the return courier to ask for more information before the return pick up can be confirmed. I am doubtful as to whether the return will be picked up as Farfetch have not responded! Terrible service!!!

36

I purchased a Fendi ring which after 1 week of wearing tarnished and the finish of the ring had literally come off. Complained to Farfetch, Sophia I have been dealing with has been responsive but they will not refund me for the ring which I find unacceptable. All they are offering is an exchange which I don’t want because I have no confidence the replacement fendi ring isn’t going to tarnish in the same way! Not impressed, bottom line is the item is sub standard so I should be entitled to my money back! Bought a fair bit with Farfetch and spent a lot of money BUT won’t be shopping with Farfetch again that’s for sure!

37

This is the worst customer service and customer care retailer that I have ever experienced. My parcel went missing and what they could track with their courier is a picture of a small "child" with an armful of parcels, no indication of the address, house number where they delivered it to. The "child" is not me or anyone I know. I live in a building with 22 flats, Farfetch saying that they are not going to do anything, no refund or replacement as according to their courier it was delivered to my building..??!! But no proof of delivery to me, no picture to proof which building it was delivered to. I tried showing the picture of the 'child receiver' across my building, no one has seen or know the person! All in all, bad service from Farfetch, zero customer care and really a FRAUD as I did not receive the item I paid for and I also paid for signed delivery, so please do not leave my parcel at a random place with random people! Do not buy from this place, there are other better online retailers!

38

I purchased a pricey item from Farfetch, it arrived in an envelope which had been absolutely ruined after being posted all the way from Italy. I complained about the way my designer item arrived and there customer service has been shocking. At first they would discuss it, then they blamed the designer, and now there response is ‘return it’ not one apology in my countless emails to them. Please avoid this company or you will just get headache after headache, there are so many maxing companies out there. Avoid this one, I’m begging you!

39

I've been told that the items ordered were delivered.  They have not. I am disappointed and very concerned.  Will be calling my cc company tomorrow.

40

One of the shirts I received is very poor quality compared to the other yet they are the same brand. I believe it is a fake.

41

My order arrived damaged. It was collected by DHL for a return but they then delivered it back again to me(!) I rang again and the paperwork was not sent as promised so I rang a third time and booked anther pick up that never showed up. I have now rung a fourth time and am still waiting for even more paperwork that hasn't arrived. No-one will take responsibility and no-one has even apologised for the faulty goods. I will never use them again. I just want my refund.

42

Ordered a jacket of 545 euro and it arrived damaged. I sent the article back immediately. Two months later I still did not receive a refund. Its a lot of money and I wonder if I will ever get it back.

43

Was not happy, I paid $1750 for the bag but no proper box, and bag looks second hand.

44

Consistently received scratched sunglasses (3 pairs).  Avoid ordering glasses.

45

I ordered a size 7 trainer and they sent a size 9 spoke to someone on the phone and they said send them back but wouldn’t exchange them for the correct size,I sent them back 5 weeks ago and still not received a refund,seems like they do this a lot reading some of the other reviews I will be reporting them to my bank tomorrow as it’s an absolute joke they took a week to deliver and still waiting 5 weeks for refund seems like they just like holding peoples money.

46

Farfetched is a horrible company. I have never experienced what they have put me through from any other company I have shopped with. I purchased $400 shirt from them on September 2nd because I was referred by a relative. I originally purchased 2 shirts but one was canceled due to it being sold out. My package was scheduled to be delivered on September 9th by fedex the package was supposedly delivered on September 8th. When I called farfetch and told them I hadn't received my package they claim I signed for it and I explained that there was no way I wasn't home I was in a meeting finalizing my child event. The company claimed to have opened up a investigation but closed it after a day and half. I reached out to fedex that told me they see I didn't sign for the package that the driver signed it and put left on the porch. I live in a apartment building and it clearly states this. If the packages was supposed to be signed that should indicate the package is of some value. So no one but me or member of my house should have signed.I contacted my bank that instructed me to resolve it with merchant I sent the letter that was sent to me by fedex executive department stating that driver signed and left the package and the company can file a claim. They just sent me a email after claim was reopen yesterday saying its closed with no detail. They are being completely dismissive to the fact I dont have a package and they are refusing to file claim with fedex. Im currently working with fedex executive department. This is really ridiculous. Im a first time customer and there is no customer service in the poor service they have provided. So they get to keep my money $400 and I have nothing and fedex stated several times they can file a claim. If the package was stolen thats not my fault they delivered with fedex and the driver illegally signed my name. They are now saying I filed a dispute with my bank which they told me too in order to get funds back and they claim its still on going which my bank has confused its not. My bank and fedex are both confused as why a dispute with my bank is preventing them for filing a claim with fedex.@farfetched what is the request for more information? What information your requested? I placed a order i never received I been trying and trying to get this resolved since September. I provided proof from fedex and still getting no help from yall. No customer should receive the level of experience especially new customer

47

Ordered a pair of shoes on November 27. No dispatch notice came through so contacted customer service on December 8. Was assured order was on its way and would arrive before Christmas. Then on December 13 I get an email saying my order is cancelled due to the item not being in stock with the partner and that a refund is incoming in the next two weeks. I then ordered the same shoes from a different site because it seemed like the matter was closed. The next day, I get two emails from Farfetch. One said that they had found the same shoes with a different partner and they’d notify me once they were dispatched. Then, after that, an email saying my refund (for the previous cancelled order) had been processed. This leaves me confused - I’m still getting the shoes but I’m also being refunded? Obviously not, because no business gives away things like that for free. All in all, a totally confusing process. It’s not clear enough to the customer that they’re ordering through Farfetch who source the product from a third party. Better communication needed at all stages of customer journey. Will be returning shoes when they arrive and €160 out of pocket before Christmas. Customer service sub par - communication looked like canned responses. Won’t ever be ordering from Farfetch again.

48

Received a different purse instead of the one I ordered. Very disappointed and will be returning.

49

The trench had stains and marks that probably won’t be fixed by dry cleaning. These were not shown on the pictures and I was extremely disappointed to see the spots when I received my order.

50

still waiting from 26 October for this company to replace or sort a label print that came off coat moncleur after just 2 months.waited for someone to collect coat twice didn't show, 10/12 sent coat back myself and this was the reply,I'm pleased to see that your item is on its way to our partner boutique for an assessment. This process may take 2 to 3 months to complete.The gift we bought was for 8 month old baby I don't think it will fit when we get it back.would not suggest you use this company as they are very bad with problems.26/10 made them aware of issue17/11 they told us to stay in on 18/11 for collection loads of notice for work. 29/11 to arrange pick up 1/12 waited in no one turned upthey said sorryarrange for another collection 10/12 got email 10/12 at 15.23 in the end sent it back myself.19 dec got this message on 14th decBrand assessmentKindly be informed that we will share your feedback with the partner, and will try to push them towards accepting it for a refund.20/12 update but still no refund and still no coat to wear.This is just to let you know, although we do not yet have an update from our partner boutique, rest assured that we are pushing them for a response as soon as possible. Once we hear from them, we will be back in touch.29/12 updateYour brand assessment is nearly completeAs soon as we have an update, we’ll be back in touch.30/12 /21 we have been told we will get a full refund.

51

Further review as I am disgusted and at a complete loss with this company. Can someone please explain what your complaints procedure is? I'm over £400 out of pocket at the moment with no 30th birthday present for my sister. Item marked as delivered on farfetch website but the tracking number I was provided from DHL they have never even received the item. Sounds like fraud to me!!!!! Customer services had the cheek to ask me if this was delivered to a neighbour when the boutique are clearly up to something dodgy. I have been told this is being investigated and they will make contact with the boutique and DHL. Last contact was on Wednesday and no reply to any further emails sent. REFUND ME MY MONEY!!!!!! I don't even want the item anymore I don't want a single thing more to Do with you

52

I had a terrible experience with Farfetch. On August 13th I received an empty package from Farfetch, that was supposed to contain a wallet that I paid 175.50 euros for. The package was sealed with the original Farfetch tape. I immediately contacted Farfetch to sort things out, and while they said that they would look into things, they did nothing to help. I called and emailed them multiple times, but eventually they just said it wasn’t their fault and I should contact UPS instead. I contacted UPS multiple times but they’re not helping either. They just say it’s “in progress”, but it’s been months now without any news. Even Paypal won’t help me get my money back.Farfetch, give me my money back!!

53

I received the shipment with out the brand box or bag ! How can I send it as gift ! They send it inside plastic bag only !!!!!!

54

My replacement item was horrible it did not come with authenticity card or the bag or box that YSL has. The bag was literally rolling inside a huge box I’m so aggravated and will not kee an item like this when it was supposed to be a brand new product. I can not gift this it looks like it came out of my closet very lack luster ! I have definitely had a horrible experience with far fetch this far.

55

After purchasing the product a week, it has extra 30% off on this item, and I’m super irritated. I had already used it, so I cannot return it and repurchase it.

56

Don't buy from this companyWe ordered TAGLIATORE trench coat for our niece, but their website failed to mention the material is dotted with sequins throughout. The gift is to celebrate her first job after graduating from uni, so there was a huge disappointment when she realised it was not suitable to wear to work. It's more for night out. After a discussion we decided to return, and she promptly returned the item via their courier pick up with tag, the coat and box intact. She even took a photo as an evidence before handed it over to a courier. Now after 10 days they are claiming the item was damaged and there was no tag in the box. The coat is £542 and it's not a cheap item. Looks like they won't refund. Very disappointed and it's a reminder that we shouldn't buy an expensive item from other country.

57

DON’T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY. RETURNS GET LOST NO REFUND FROM BOUTIQUES OR FARFETCH.  On 09/11/21 I ordered 3 items kept one returned 2. The cost of the two returned jeans was £731. They were from different boutiques in Europe. On 22/11/22 I was told that one had arrived in Amsterdam on route for Italy The 2nd pair needed to be returned to Portugal. Neither have arrived in the 2 boutiques by 09/12/21 I’m told that they are being held up in customs. Farfetch took no responsibility and blamed DHL and DHL blamed Farfetch. Meanwhile I am owed £731  I have neither the jeans or my money just when I need it for Christmas. Other reputable companies like Net-a-Porter, YOOX, My Theresa and The OUTNET have no difficulty with returns to Europe. Why does Farfetch? Good idea for a company but very badly managed since Brexit which happened almost a year ago! Don’t make the mistake that I made.

58

Absolutely terrible!! Order parcels they never arrive!! Farfetch blame DHL and DHL blame Farfetch fir not providing proper documentation Never again!  Do not buy from far fetch!

59

I ordered a black tabi but receive a navy one

60

I made an order on the 25th November and paid the extra money for faster delivery. Not sure what use this has done, still waiting for this to even be received by courier. Can someone from customer service please contact me with a proper response on when this item is being shipped???? I am sending emails daily, and I am getting nowhere.*edit to say that I would like more than a standard "this is already being investigated" message in return. Clearly nobody is investigating this for me!!!! I would like to be contacted with the upmost urgency

61

I got this Prada bag for my fiancé and it came in used shape with plenty of scratches and paint all over the bag. The bag didn’t came with Pradas originally box, neither did they send Pradas dust bag, the bag came with 2 different certification/ID-no and none of them belonged to my bag! It didn’t say anything about being preowned or an “exhibition item” on their webshop. Their customer service apologized and told me that I will get a refund when I’ve returned the bag BUT THEY WILL NOT price match the discount that I got for my Gold membership. That’ll mean I have to add 240 % more than the price that I gave for the bag to get a new one. Apparently it’s their policy to not guarantee the customer/member their discounts bonuses that they collect shopping from them, they’ll not guarantee the authenticity and it’s condition of the item,I will never buy anything from this fraud company again!

62

Gucci trainers were bought for me from Farfetch for my birthday that were nice but not suited to my taste. As we were only able to meet a couple of weeks after they were ordered, we had to request a return outside of the 14 day Returns policy and received 2x "computer says no" responses from customer services, followed by exactly the same via a phone call.We shop frequently from Farfetch and for them not to take a return for a brand new untouched item within 30 days (or even offer an exchange) feels ridiculous. Won't be buying there again.

63

The worst experience ever! Bought a pair of Jimmy Choo shoes (495EURO). The shoes were not brand new, clearly the sole looked 'used'. Immediately I called up the customer service, the guy on the other end was very nice and kind (the only good experience), he immediately created the return lable and requested for immediate return. We followed his instructions.... and then the nightmare started! For more than 3weeks there was no response and when calling the customer service they only said its in process... eventually after putting pressure they said we sent the shoes after use and that their reseller does not accept our return. They literally said they its our word against their reseller's word! But did i buy from their reseller?? or did we not follow the instructions from farfetch! After a traumatic weeks passing by (500 EURO for shoes is not less!) and putting pressure via customer service of Jimmy Choo, finally we received our money back. During COVID period, I have become a online shopping adict and never had any issues by anyone. However after this experience at Farfetch, i decided to be cautious and NEVER EVER buy from them!

64

I ordered two items from the same provider however only one item was placed in the shipping box. The missing item was a Christmas present and now won’t be received because of this error. I have escalated an investigation into this.One very disappointed Farfetch customer.

65

1. Seems no after sales service even raise out the problem to customer service 2. The packaging of the product received is bad, seems to be opened by different people for many times3. No dust bag received while compare with purchasing from the same brand in their specialty store.4. Bad smell of the product when received

66

Ordered some trainers they arrived in poor condition, scuff marks on the toe, glue marks on the shoe from manufacturing and some odd bleach-like marks on part of the material. Looked like they should have been a second or even fake. Customer service booked a return which didn't show up so I had to request a second time. In the end they were picked up, over three weeks ago, and still no refund. Customer service emails have been atrocious, they just keep sending me their pre-written '14 day returns policy' and not responding to my actual questions. Have just spoken to someone on the phone at customer service. Apparently the partner was questioning the condition of the shoe I returned, even though I sent photos of the quality a couple of hours after delivery, also they sent them to me in that condition??A refund is imminent apparently but who knows... I don't hold much hope. I would NEVER EVER buy from this company again. Absolute worst online shopping experience.

67

package open. The product is underwear and in farfetch sit the pictures is streetwear.Terrible experience

68

Worst customer service will never use farfetch again returned an item and they are refusing to give me my return

69

Very bad website, inhuman experience. As soon as the goods purchased by the 20% discount activity are received, the 30% discount and freight free activity is opened immediately. You can't make up the difference. (other shopping websites can) Customer service communication is difficult, and the price of goods is very high. No more orders.

70

I purchased the item via the Single Day sale. However the items was lost by the courier. Until now, neither Farfetch or DHL want to take responsibility. There is no customer service at all. It is frustrating to keep chasing them and feel as if they are delaying the refund as much as they can.  Item supposed to be delivered on 18 Nov and there are no update on whatever investigation until now. I will say buy at your own peril. Service standard is getting worse for sure.

71

I bought the item during sale. Today II got it and it is wrong size - I ordered S size but it was XS in the box. I am really disappointed with such Farfetch mistake. I have to return it and I can not order it again because there is no discount anymore. And I paid shipping costs which I guess not refundable

72

Wrong size Ordered a us Size 11.5

73

Twice ordered never received anythingGood luck with them

74

There prices are way to high compared to other websites further more I noticed a particular item that was further reduced to 20% off sale only to realise the had bumped up the sale price so I would being paying more even with the 20% off, what a joke.You insult your customers and lose them at the same time with this fraudulent sales technique. Extremely disappointed when you try to fool your customers like that.

75

FarFetch doesn't guarantee that they have the product they're selling.  They'll list an item, sell it to you, give you a receipt, then reveal that they don't have it and it will take 14 days to get a refund.  They take ZERO responsibility if they make an error.  This is a SCAM website, not a luxury retailer.  I missed out on all other BF sales because I put my trust in this fake company.  Go to Saks or Nordstroms instead- they actually guarantee the products they advertise.  Customer service rude and unhelpful- was told to buy it at full price when back in stock.  Avoid at all costs!

76

So disappointed with Farfetch, was first time to use this company and can’t believe how I’ve been treated. Order high quality goods with price tag to match and received extremely poor customer service for very expensive item not received , they blame their courier company (DHL ) and expect me to deal with DHL but it’s Farfetch that I have the contract of sale with !

77

I purchased a black leather handbag in the Black Friday sale discounted by £122 - when it turned up it was a grey. I contacted customer services but they said the only way was to return it for a refund.  The bag is still available but now back to full price £430.  All they offered me was free postage on my next purchase which was only £10!!!! Not exactly a gesture of good will!!!Also I see a previous post by Ana below remarking on the different costs shown on her airway bill to that shown on the website.  I think we’ve bought the same item as I’d noticed that too.  Exact same amounts she referred to was what I found.I’ve bought a few things from Farfetch but won’t be doing so in the future.Really makes me angry when you’re buying high end items to have such awful customer service!!!!!

78

Extremely disappointed. Ordered a handbag for which they charged me £345 (claiming it was heavily discounted). In the order update email a few days later showed that my item cost £328. But when I received the bag, the invoice inside showed that the bag cost only £274 (including all duties, taxes, shipping).And when I contacted customer service, the only thing they told me was how unique their online operating model was! Yes, it is truly unique... will never deal with you again.

79

Steer well clear of this unscrupulous company. I returned an item worth £150. Three months on and still no refund. Customer care is slow to respond and don't listen or read their emails properly. Despite many phone calls and a chain of emails to their customer service team clarifying that I had received the item but then returned it due to wrong fit, via their courier (DHL), it transpires that their team have been investigating on the basis that the item not delivered to me in the first place.  ​They are now claiming that the item was not in the package when I returned it, thus accusing me of stealing which is not the case.I’m sure this company is great until something goes wrong. I thoroughly regret using Farfetch and would NEVER use this company again. I only wish that I had read similar Trust pilot reviews before  shopping with them.

80

Cos of u haven’t provide promotion code for me

81

Boxing is so cheap and not classy I think it will come with a box and bag not inside the shipper box and I'm so sad because it's a gift

82

I received a totally different tshirt ordered. This is really unprofessional and unacceptable.

83

WORSE WEBSITE.ORDER CANCELLED 5 TIME FOR NO REASON.VERY DISSAPOINTED

84

Fast shipping.  Unfortunately, the quality was very bad.  I bought a pair of sport shoes two weeks ago.  Now the leather was peeling off.  I’m really disappointed about Stella McCartney.  But nothing I can do.  No channel for complain.

85

Just spoke with a customer rep, Caroline, who was incredibly rude. She kept misunderstanding the issue and in the end-- after a 30 minute call--she was said she can't help for me to email customer service so a supervisor can get back to me in 24-42 hours. The rudeness level for a customer rep is so surprising. I hope farfetch is able to monitor some of these calls to train their employees how to speak with customers.

86

The price adjustment never works. Even when you provide evidence showing that the price of the item dropped(with the same size). They refuse to make price adjustment. This happens several times. I have been using Farfetch for more than 6 years. But I am really disappointed right now. If you ask for a price adjustment at Ssense, they will give you a refund in 5 minutes. Just an example for the contrast.

87

Bag looks used. No labels, no plastic stickers or papers to protect the metals, belt already attached to bag. Bag not in original louboutin packaging/box but in a disposable bag. Not polished (full of finger prints) looks dirty. Total disappointment

88

I have used Farfetch numerous times and considered myself a loyal customer. I recently bought a pair of Jil Sander boots, after 6 weeks they came away at the seam - £770. Customer service from ‘Branca P’ was completely unhelpful and abrupt. Will not be using again.

89

The shoe I ordered was black but when I received the shoe, it is white. Since I made some extra payment for the customs it is very difficult for me to send the order back to you. I wanted to inform you about the situation. I have been shopping from you for a long time, it is the first time I am in such a situation and I am very dissapointed.

90

Fake seller.No return possible, however it was advertised.

91

Real Problems at Farfetch. Ordered item, after 7 days nothing sent, then suddenly showed order delivered. No Refund and are not discussing issue with me. It seems others are also having issues at the moment. Stay clear!

92

My dress is NOT NEW!!! It is a display item because it has the Anti-thief sensor still attached!!  I have received my dress on 10th Nov and tried it on, it fit well. So I cut off the labels and planned to wear it the next day. Unbelievably there is an Anti-thief Sensor still attached on my dress !!!! I have called customer service 2 times and they asked me to go to the shopping mall and ask the shop to detach for me. It is the worst decision I made. I went to the mall and tried 5 shops, the people looked at me like I am a thief. No shops are willing to detach for me. So I called customer service again and they said they will get back to me again soon. Then I waited 5 days, there is no response. So I arranged to return myself on 15th Nov. Then a day later I finally received their reply after 6 days. They said they need to ask the shop to "help". I was like ???? It was their fault!! It is their responsibility! They sounded like it was my fault and they were helping. No apologies at all. My dress is still with them and I did not get any update unless I ask. I am a regular customer and I am really disappointed this time.

93

I have had a terrible experience with FARFETCH.  Three weeks ago, my item cleared customs and it has been stuck in Indiana ever since.  No one can tell me when or if it will ever come! Stay AWAY!

94

I ordered this bag along with another YSL bag from FARFETCH for my Mother’s birthday. Unfortunately I cannot review EITHER bag, as despite being marked as “delivered” on my FARFETCH account, I have not received either of them.Having previously had wonderful experiences ordering through FARFETCH, I trusted that they would deliver my goods as usual. This was NOT the case however, after taking my money & approving the purchase, sending a second confirmation that the order has been processed & in transit to my country (thus entering into the partner-customer contract as outlined in section 7 of the terms & conditions on the FARFETCH website), both items were shipped to my address as normal, cleared customs & processing all normal & timely as you expect with DHL express. I received an email from FARFETCH asking me to review my order & saw that my account had updated to show the order had been delivered. This was not the case, it had not even arrived in the same state. I contacted DHL to see what was going on with the tracking as it was inconsistent with what FARFETCH’s system reflected, and DHL told me that FARFETCH had requested for the items to be returned to the shipper. They saw no reasonable explanation for this as both packages cleared all customs processing & advised I call FARFETCH for further assistance & clarification and that DHL needed FARFETCH to contact them to allow them to continue ahead with the delivery to my address. Several days of phone calls back & forth with FARFETCH & DHL later, BOTH my items have been sent back to the shipper, despite being reassured by FARFETCH representatives that they would contact DHL to have it delivered to me as scheduled. (When in fact, DHL informed me that they received a second request from FARFETCH to return the items to the shipper & not deliver to me).Throughout all this time I received no correspondence or explanation from FARFETCH as to why this was happening. Each time I called FARFETCH said my items would still be delivered to me this week & also that a supervisor would contact me ASAP. I still have not gotten to speak with anyone in management (the Customer Service Advisors were all very polite & tried their best, but it was obviously a matter that needed urgent attention from someone higher up, so they are not to blame).I am also still awaiting replies to my emails to FARFETCH Customer Service requesting an update on what is happening & when I can finally expect my orders to be delivered, like I said, I have received no correspondence from FARFETCH excluding the confirmation emails of my orders, the second emails detailing my order with receipt & tracking information already in transit, automated email stating my delivery would arrive today (it did not, it is currently on a plane in Singapore on it’s way to the Netherlands - the very opposite of what a FARFETCH Customer Advisor promised me yesterday during a telephone conversation). On my FARFETCH account it says that both orders have been delivered, however they never left the possession of DHL & I have all of the tracking information to evidence this. I have tried to be very patient & gracious as I understand it is a busy time of year, however I feel as though I cannot trust FARFETCH to deliver on their promises and I am very upset that I have no gifts to give to my Mother for her 60th birthday celebration this week. I would just like for my goods to be delivered as promised (and as the Partner Boutique is legally obligated). As I stated in the beginning, I have always had a pleasant & speedy experience ordering through FARFETCH & have recommended it to countless friends & family members. I am very anxious & hesitant to proceed with any further business through FARFETCH if this issue is not resolved satisfactorily & succinctly. It is because of my previous experience that I am putting my faith in FARFETCH to do the right thing & I have not spoken ill of them to anyone. Please deliver my orders to me.

95

I received a different dress from this order which is a big mistake I first time encountered!  Please look into the matter ASAP’

96

Ordered versace joggers and they have been lost . No one will refund me or send me another item it was ordered on 6/11/2021 and today is 23/11/2021.  I have phoned everyday since ordering and Advisers are not helpful and DHL are the worst who don't have a clue  where the package is ! Please do not buy from here or expect your item to arrive on time.  They think that refunding the £10 delivery fixes the issue but how about being £165 out pocket !!!

97

I was sent a black belt. Not the color I ordered.

98

I ordered a small white antigona bag.I received a nano antigona greyish colour. I am so disappointed.I have to return it.

99

Personally won’t shop here again. I bought an item on the 6/11/21, that stated 3-7 days deliveryI’ve emailed sales@furrfetch twice with no reply at all.Now the 21/11/21 and have no idea where it is, if it’s on the way, if I’m ever going to receive it. Bad customer service, poor communication = Bad review.

100

Do not shop FarFetch. I repeat do not shop FarFetch. I ordered a dress. After my delivery date passed I inquired as to the whereabouts. It was held up in customs for 12 day. Had no idea it was coming from abroad. Was charged $30 day for “housing of item” from DHL. DHL needed info from FarFetch before they would release from customs. It took FarFetch over a week to even address my issue with DHL. FarFetch customer service could careless and took an arrogant attitude. In the meantime, I needed the dress for an event and it did not arrive in time. FarFetch is not worth the aggravation.

101

Bad service for those in the UK, especially if you're trying to return any items. Confusing process and takes a huge amount of time. Would shop elsewhere if you can.

102

Sent the wrong item repeatedly - this company operates as a platform for boutiques to sell - they don’t care about accuracy or whether they send you the right item. What’s worse is that they don’t correct the item page and you get back in stock emails which is how I ended up getting the wrong item for the second time. Waste of time.

103

Not happy with the service at allI mistakenly input a discount code which cancelled the ‘Singles Day Discount’. This meant I paid moreInstead if reversing this I was told to return the items Extremely poor customer service

104

Caution - Fulfillment of your order is not guaranteed.I have been a loyal customer for 7 years and have recently submitted a claim for an order I placed, that was not delivered. ( I was home and their courier did not arrive) Farfetch claims the order was delivered to the address provided and refuses to reimburse me for my loss.I have escalated to their management and am shocked by their poor Customer service and business ethics.Farfetch used to be run very differently and I have been loyal and committed, as I trusted them. Disappointing.

105

As soon as the bodysuit arrived in the mail I took it out to try it on and the zipper immediately came off. Almost like it had been hanging on by a thread already. I think the quality control needs to be more diligent especially for some of the new non-brand designer names that are sold on the website.

106

They sent me the complete wrong palm angels T-shirt, really not happy. Expected for the price that it would be packaged better too, no protection. Judging from some of the reviews on here I ended up with one of the better experiences! Avoid

107

I ordered a designer dress which I received on the 07th October. Since it did not fit me, I returned it immediately on the immaculate state I received it in. The dress was collected from me, on the 08th October, by a courier of Farfetch’s choice. On the 23rd October, I contacted Farfetch about the status of my refund, and they informed me they haven’t been able to locate the dress. It is now the 15th November, and they still haven’t located the dress, and as they say, since “the investigation is still ongoing” they cannot process my refund. At this point, I would like to be able to raise a formal complaint, which when I asked their staff on how to do it, they simply ignored it. I cannot wait any longer for a refund  as this is just ridiculous. I believe Farfetch does not have the right to hold my money when I returned the item immediately after I receiving it!

108

Unfortunately, I just has a horrible transaction experience here with Farfetch.  I just had them close my account because they tried to sell me full price on a Tom Ford jacket which I purchased on a discount.  They really could not have cared less about how unfair this was to me (the customer). Nor did they make any effort to correct the matter.  Be careful, they will not hesitate to rip you off....Sincerely, Thomas 10/17 Today, after Farfetch contacted me by email for more information about my disappointed experience. I thought,  great,  they may want to reconcile my bad experience.  I called them as they requested. I encountered a very rude agent named Felipe and then Torres (who failed to help but was courteous)  I asked to have a manager or at least the person who responded to my complaint call me back but, they refused.  This company is just set up to abuse the customer, it's very upsetting to me. They are just not equipped to provide a decent service.  I wish other customers a better experience.  Sincerely, Thomas C.

109

DOES NOT STAND BEHIND WHAT THEY SELL - I was mistakenly sent something from this company - I did not order it! I called FARFETCH and they gave me an RA. I immediately sent the item ($2060 sneakers!!) back to the company. The company sent me back the item and said that it was FAKE!!! I said "YOU SENT THEM TO ME!" I didn't even remove them from the box! I called FARFETCH and they will do nothing for me.  Beware, they are selling very expensive things on this site but they do not own, or stand behind any of it. You are left to fend for yourself.

110

Very bad service ..i ordered a phillip plein belt and i got a tracking information but it has been returned to the shipper and still i havent got any refund..farfetch didnt even tell me this that it has been returned and just closed my order

111

The only company that doesn’t let you pay by paypal been trying to buy an item for the past hour lol

112

THEY SEND ME THE WRONG MODEL, the lacesat the end is damage.

113

I ordered a expensive Dolce & Gabanna belt on Farfetch. The belt didnt match the description at all, so I sent it back without even try it on. 2 weeks later I got info, that a return is not possible, because the belt has scratches. Unbelievable, dont shop there!!

114

Hi, I bought a pair of sneakers only to realize, after a month (after return period garantee), that the description of the shoe did not match the shoe I had recieved. I ordered a full leather shoe, but got a shoe with a rubber tip. I discussed back and forth many times with a friendly customer service representative, who finally said that I should send the shoe back. I did so, and got the same shoe, cleaned up, back, which really did not adress- or solve my problem. I was told that Farfetch could do no more..

115

Terrible customer service. Attitude and no accountability.  If anything goes wrong not worth the discount.Now they are asking for more info yet I have repeatedly asks Daniel to have a manger call me and he refused. They are a nightmare with the worst arrogance.

116

I never received my package. The instructions read that a signature is required. I don't know where the package ended up. I was home all day and nobody rang my bell, nobody knocked my door, and I went through the neighbors and asked if they mistakenly got my package. I have NOT received my package.

117

I received the shoes today, but the size is wrong.. it is 46.5 not size 45 as explained by customer service team!! I have contacted the customer service team to make sure the size is correct, but still received the wrong size!!!This is very disappointing and unprofessional service!

118

impossible to deal with Fedex.  cant stay home waiting for package.  I signed door tag and they still would not leave.  and the operators there aren't helpful

119

My wife bought a pair of designer shoes from this joke of a company. The shoes were not right for her so she tried to return them for a refund. Three times this company has said they would send a courrier to pick up the package and yes, three times this has failed to happen. No apology, no service, and as far as I can see, no clue! I tried to intervene as my wife was getting very upset, to see what was happening, but the customer service agent, who clearly had little training in customer service, advised me that because of GDPR  she was unable to help. I pointed out, having given her all the references, order number and tracking numbers that I didn’t want any access to the account I simply wanted to know if there was going to be any delivery today, as promised. I admit I got cross on the call which I regret,  as these shoes need to be refunded within a certain time and this company doesn’t seem to care about other peoples time or money. If you are thinking of using this company, my simple advice is don’t. Appalling service.

120

I was very unhappy with my latest purchase. The item’s price is decreased before it’s shipped out so I kindly asked them to give me back the discount. I didn’t want to send back and rebuy it to avoid the paperwork. But they didn’t help me and as I see the item price has been increased since then. I was very dissapointed.

121

I placed an order on October 28, 2021 and another order on October 30, 2021. Yesterday, November 8, 2021, there was 22% off promotion. I have called customer service to get a price adjustment and was denied because the order was placed over 7 days ago. This order has NOT even been delivered yet! I tried looking up the policy online but have been able to locate anything. Regardless, it would be common sense to do the adjustment as the order has not been delivered. I was on hold for 38 minutes to speak to a supervisor and was unable to be located – really, how is that possible? Today, November 9, 2021, I am still waiting for the supervisor call back and I cannot process a return and repurchase at the 22% discount because the orders are NOT fully delivered yet and now the 22% discount is no longer available. Customer service for your company is absolutely terrible especially considering how much money I have been spending here! As soon as my pending transactions are processed, I will be canceling my account and you will never see a penny from me.Update, November 9, 2021: a pair of expensive shoes from one of the orders arrived today. The soles and the letters inside the shoes of the designer name are faded. Obviously, the shoes have been worn!!! Terrible, terrible, just terrible!!!! Shop somewhere else!!!

122

I’ve been shopping with Farfetch for many years and it’s been nice because I haven’t really had to deal with customer service. However, on my last purchase I bought a Stella McCartnwy black knit shirt that I really like, a few days after it was purchased I wore it and it was fine but on my way out the door I noticed from the mirror there’s a small hole under the armpit area, it was black so I missed it when I tried it on. Upon examining it there’s actually two other tiny holes elsewhere. I contacted Farfetch and they did looked into it with me send my them pics abs Bc the tags were cut off. I was told the return could be done so they sent be a UPS label a week later, which I had to follow up. I had to constantly follow up this return which took almost two months! All Bc of the tag being cut off. In the email and calls made by me, two of their representatives both told me that even if their boutique rejected the item due to tags not attached they would still refund me, they even emailed me a code of $30 as a courtesy, sounds great so far right? After not hearing from them after the boutique receiving the item, they emailed me saying the item cannot be refunded, against what their email and phone calls to me previously. This was a nearly $600 shirt, can you imagine? From the very beginning I asked if they shirt can be exchanged Bc I really like it, but they didn’t have it in stock. They seems to not be in the same page since I’m hearing different things. So I called again and that’s when all disappointed goes down hill, they got this guy as their rep who was basically playing games making remarks like I’m out to trick them if some sort, I asked him I wanted a replacement , he sets up all sorts of sarcastic remarks and when I asked if I can speak to a supervisor he says no, when I insisted he told me there’s no possible way of contacting a supervisor Bc the case is close. It was no longer about the return but rather about his beyond rude attitude , what kind of company has no supervisors? He was out to get me with his “word” games… for a second I forgot my point of the call Bc I was so focused on arguing with him. What kind of representatation is this? He is the front of the company, the face of it. When I told him that you guys repeats said Farfetch will refund me his email and phone sns even gave me a code as a courtesy abs he said “ yes, that is way beyond the worth of your time” I was in disbelieve, I’d Farfetch is reading this pleas for back to that call, as you said all calls are recorded. Never again Farfetch !!! If you’re a good customer , pay them and follow every policy they wrote then by all means you will live them, but IF you ever run into a special circumstance, even in the boutiques they are willing to help… don’t count on getting the exchange/ refund you deserve, $600 donated to Farfetch, I have this feeling in my stomach like I’m literally being scammed by this company.  One, their reps don’t read notes and not aware of your case, one person saying things differently than another like they don’t even know their process. Second, have you ever seen a gay person argue? That’s the rep they for helping me! He attacks the customer abs out to get you, like are you saying I’m lying? Making stuff up? It’s so unprofessional. Third, this company got no supervisor for you to talk to so incompetent gay men is all you got. I feel so sorry for all the kind and sweet representatives Bc one guy like this changes everything for them. My one advice, put your item under the microscope before cutting the tags, it’s not like the boutiques, they work differently at Farfetch. $600 for a lesson learned , a total scam , they put up their hands and basically says too bad sorry! They have their calls recorded but got no supervisors to listen… what kind of company got no supervisors for you to talk to???? Freaking scam!

123

I ordered size Xl and I get S. but the quality of product was very good . So one star its for system not for product.

124

Horrible!!! Wrong item, I bought a white Nike Sakai shoes for over $600 and receive a totally different ugly, cheap and fake Shoes not even worth a quarter of what I paid for. Total waste of my time! Bad customer service bad everything! You guys suck big time! I’m returning every other thing I bought from Far fetch and NOT COMING BACK!

125

Ordered a YSL card wallet as a gift. 2 days of use and the YSL logo has completely worn off. Returned the item ( 5 days from when it was delivered) and was told that they had received other complaints about this item being faulty and to expect a full refund. Refund was issued however minus the shipping fees. I contacted customer service to ask them why I should cover the shipping fees of a faulty item. Not only did I have to go to the hassle of returning the gift but also I have to pay for it? The reply I received back was that as it had been used they had already made an exception to accept the return and therefore they cannot make another and refund the shipping. We found out the product was faulty because we had to use it and had it not been faulty we had no intention of returning it. 2 days of normal use for a designer product the label should not come off. It was returned 5 days from delivery and as stated from a customer support agent they were aware from other customers of this faulty issue. It’s unacceptable that the customer should have to cover the shipping costs for a faulty product. So now I’m left with no gift, hassle of returning the item but also have to pay the shipping costs 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼

126

Send me wrong color shoes and wrong size and didn’t let me return them Be careful they have real bad service !They really played with me I order this show on june 27 and GOT AT ONLY AT end of Augost !!! In the mean times I called about 5 times and ask to cancel a order never got any replay and every time I called they sad they will check (they no idea what to tell me and why is it take so long ) ABD THE. FINALLY MID AUGOST I RECIVE THE SHOES BRAND I ORDER For 370$ in the wrong size !!! And wrong color white instead of black and 41 instead 42 Called to place return they was really nice say DHL will stop pick it up Monday ,NO ONE SHOW … waited two or three weeks cause I was out of town when I got back I called again to check (Look how much work they made me work and so much time waisted for BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE !!! Worst!!! I’m never buying in this web site again !!! Then they telling me it’s too late to place return !!!! Even after they shipped at two month late! Wrong size! Wrong color! Send them all pictures and proofs and they was a nightmare abd didnt gave me refound…. Hopefully I’ll be able to sell them but BE CAREFULL FROM THIS AITE AND MAKE SURE YOU FOLLOW UP THEY AILL TRICK YOU!!!! Be aware and carefull it’s sucks have someone stilling from you 370$ like that

127

Ordered some jeans 2 months ago they took the money but never sent my jeans

128

While I love the boots, the delivery experience was horrible. It was incredibly difficult to get hold of Fedex. They left two times when I was in the apartment waiting for the package without trying to ask the leasing office for me. I had to go pick up the package myself by paying $70 in Lyft fees.

129

I purchased what are supposed to be genuine Versace earrings for my nephews birthday and they look very fake compared the Versace website.  When I emailed with photos of them, the spiel I received was a waste of time.  I asked to return them for my money back and was told my 14 days had expired.  I didn’t realise the 14 days would be a rule when the product I paid for is not the product I received.

130

So I ordered £635 worth of clothing from Farfetch on the 26th of September it is now the 2nd of November and I have not received a refund or the items! Farfetch claims they delivered it to a neighbour on the 1st of October, however, my neighbour did not receive it. When I checked the tracking and the picture of the parcel being delivered, I then saw a picture of the parcel being delivered to a completely different door. I live on a private road and every door on my road is brown with a classical brown brick house format. However, the picture of the delivery showed my parcel being delivered to a white house with a grey door that looks nothing like any house on my road. I phoned Farfetch and they told me it was delivered to my neighbour I explained the situation and they said they will investigate. 2 weeks pass and they tell me they can't refund me because it was delivered. What a joke that is. I phone again to explain the door situation and they ask for pictures of the doors on my road. After I sent them they agreed it was not the same door shown in this picture and that they will investigate further. Till this day (2nd November 2021) I have not received a refund or an outcome from Farfetch . This is my first and last time shopping with them. What terrible customer service.Update: On the 8th of November I received an email about a refund from Farfetch. There was no apology whatsoever however, I am happy that I have got my money back.

131

It’s the first time I’ve bought clothes off FARFETCH and it’ll be the last,please don’t buy nothing off them they are RUBBISH!Been waiting for a refund now for over 2 weeks…AVOID!

132

I purchased Prada boots, they came and when I opened them up there were  Vince shoes- they said they came directly from Prada- Prada is not taking responsibility nor is Farfetch. Someone needs to be responsible for this as I spent over 1000.00 on boots and got a fraudulent product.

133

left parcel at clearance at dhl for 3 weeks and counting, no refund or discount given, constantly lied to by staff saying it will be handled "soon". very unprofessional from a popular online store

134

Item ordered on 10/02/2021 After wait for almost a month, now they returning this item back to sellerTerrible service

135

Hi people .I purchased a jumper online and wanted to put my review.Farfetch website showing a jumper worth 272 $us.when I purchased it they charged me 392 $US and after calling several times they said it’s your bank charges for overseas transaction.and when I received this parcel overseas they charged me another 300 US$.I would never recommend anyone to buy from Farfetch.they always misinform and once you buy something you can’t do anything just like me at the moment.poor service and worst customer service experience.

136

Please don’t purchase through this company. I thought it was trustworthy but they are incapable of dealing with problems. My return is held at customs I suspect because of their poor attention to paperwork. The problem is always someone else’s fault or beyond their control etc. I am fearful that I will never receive my refund. This was not an inexpensive item so purchasing from this company is a financial risk. The help from their customer service is merely to repeat the same message. I have called and emailed several times but they refuse to get involved in sorting out the issue. The operators are working from home and don’t escalate issues to supervisors or line managers. There is no formal complaints process. I don’t usually leave reviews but I have no other means of redress. You have been warned.

137

Fake bag disquared do not buying. I bought Disquared bag 550£ and it’s broken for 1 month it’s not leather 100% its like zara bag .

138

I wish I could leave zero stars!Take my advice and order straight from the designer. If your item becomes faulty within the year warranty, Farfetch take no responsibility for it and tell you there is nothing they can do as they purchased from a boutique. They then say the boutique are unable to help! Months of trying to return & exchange for a non faulty item and still not getting anywhere.

139

I ordered and paid for GZ blabber low top crystal trim velvet sneakers. You delivered, high tops with gold trim. Something I neither like nor want. Needless to say I'm annoyed and disappointed after waiting for 4 days and paying almost twice the selling price to clear the item with customs. What is your plan to remedy this as I cannot afford to pay customs to send it back and pay customs for the third time to receive (possibly another wrong) order again?

140

terrible customer service I have never seen worse I am so unhappy I placed an order about two months ago it was a €700 bag which came on the box was empty I have sent about 1 hundred emails to the customer service of far-fetched but there has been so response or progress I do not recommend very bad company and service will be taking legal action soon

141

Ordered it so long ago, got lost in transit never saw it and then I just got my money back not even a replacement. Kinda sad

142

Two week return policy is a joke.Unhelpful staff.

143

we love the product but the duty tax and customs tax are unreasonable.  we paid extra 35%which is very frustrating

144

I won’t be shopping with this company again. Never received my order. They refunded me but It took over a month.

145

I purchased a gucci scqrf as a gift for a friend i am very disappointed as the label was hanging of and also a thin piece of thread also the packaging was rubbish i should have gone to gucci direct as i would have got it with no damage and also better packaging but as it is a gift i cannot return this as i would not receive another in time will not be using you again or recommending you

146

I just received my purse and the purse is fake, in bad conditions. I’m so disappointed because i waiting a week for my purse, and also I pay more than the real value at the store and is a pre owned bad. Really really disappointed and upset with this purchase So now how I can return? I hope I don’t have to pay for the return to japan. No

147

If there is anything below, I would’ve used it. Purchased a PINKO dress in September & since returned it within 2 days as per instructions. No refunds received a month later… they are horrible to deal with. Definitely recommend the OUTNET.

148

Arrived without an adjustable strap, Still waiting for the customer service to let me know if you'll send a strap or not. If I don't get a strap, I'm returning the bag

149

I received footwear however they were wrong size I had every intention of buying another pair of shoes but in a different size so I needed to return them to Farfetch they don’t give you an option to return with the post office so I had to wait 5 days for FARFETCH to get a courier to collect. The courier never arrived & I had taken a day off work to make sure I was there as they had informed me that I had to be there & couldn’t give me a time of when courier would arrive that day.I emailed farfetch so many times they don’t want to respond once they have your money. 5 days later Farfetch informed me another courier was arriving which was today still no courier!!! Forget about this company overhyped unless you can afford to loose over €200 & your mind plus a lot of hours writing emails & getting nowhere please avoid at all costs!!! I was going to buy the next size up in shoes now I have no intention as their customer service does not exist!!!Don’t even think about shopping with them take your business elsewhere to some business that appreciates their customers!!

150

Awful! Terrible service Won’t refundReturns don’t work so I had to send via my own courier (Royal Mail) I’ve been waiting since July and no help from customer services Absolute scam artists I wish I saw reviews before I ordered

151

I ordered a pair of ranger boots from Balmain. When I received the package I immediately knew something was wrong, the box was very light. The box was not tampered but UPS weight was only 0.5 kg. I took pictures of the box prior and during the opening and the box was full of garbage. After registering the case and sharing the pictures Farfetch concludes that I am not entitled to a refund since the shop confirmed that the items were sent ignoring the 0,5kg facts! I am a long time customer and I am more than disappointed. Horrible customer center.

152

Item got apprehended on customs and simply ignore my attempts in order to solve the situation. Trash customer service, trash employees, trash communication overall a whole mess of a company. No wonder CEO is Portuguese aka a third world European country..They just can't provide for their clients and me as a Silver turning Gold expect a bit more of respect taking consideration the problem comes from their side in first place.A NO GO IN EVERY SENSE

153

I’ve ordered a suit this month with the price of 2.130 EUR as it was stated last 1 item left for that size.After few days I’ve received the suit, same product with same size became available with 750 EUR less priced.I’m becoming a Platinum member next month but having seen such unfair trading practice, I will delete my account from FarfetchP.S. I’ve deleted my account as the response I received was a typical auto message about my issue. Never again with Farfetch2nd Edit: Nothing is resolved and I fully disagree with the reply from Farfetch here.A prototype reply without any action is a resolution for Farfetch!

154

shipping is extremely slow, ordered on 9/25 and delivered on 10/15

155

Hi I orderd a pair of slippers in may, order D5BD9E , the delivery driver delivered it to someone else and farfetch blatantly refused to refund me my money. I'm a private client on their portal but they I wasnt even treated as such. I had to file a chargeback with mastercard through my bank and since then because the chargeback was successful, farfetch have barred me from shopping with them and even arm twisting me  to return the money $568 to them and since then i cant even shop. DONT USE THEM BECAUSE IF YOUR ITEM  GETS MISSING/STOLEN WHEN enroute NO REFUNDS!

156

I bought a designer bag for more than 1.100 euros (!!!) and after less than two years it's so broken and damaged it's unbelievable... I've contacted their "customer service" and there was never any interest in solving my problems. All of their answers are so clearly copy paste general answers like:"I would like to thank you for your feedback and rest assured that this will be passed on to the relevant department"or "this is in fact considered wear & tear and we can't assist you with this matter, our apologies and thank you for understanding."There is nothing "wear and tear" about this as it is way to damaged than what could ever be acceptable for a designer bag in that price and that I almost haven't worn! So.. Buy your designer products somewhere else as Farfetch do not wish to assist, help or take any form of responsibility to the product they sell. Their "customer service" is SO disappointing and rude especially with such a big company! Never shopping there ever again. If you do I hope you never have any problems with your products as they won't help you!Take a look at the other reviews saying exactly the same thing - or for example at farfetch.dk.

157

Order Number: AM6UED the order did not arrive

158

You send me the jacket with alarm system attached. I have to bring it to a shop and prove that I didn’t steal it in order to remove it. You put me in a difficult position. Very unpleasant experience this time.

159

I personally dont have an experience but they are doing advertising deals with Fashion Mumbir and Lydiot. Therefore I would never ever buy anything from them. You need to have a serious word with your marketing team. As in sack them.

160

Worst customer service. Takes 3-5 days to get an answer. And then you get some standard response that isn't even related with the request in the first place. So it takes many emails until someone really reads and replies to the question. That's unacceptable when selling items in this price category. Also they don't refund shipping costs (which is legally mandatory in Germany). They couldn't even restore my coupon after returning the item.

161

People stay away from this shop!!!!they are selling fake products!i bought "Prada"wallet paid 620 after 6 months wallet damaged already!there is no warranty on products!!!!!!i just waisted 620 !!!!!!!!

162

impossible to receive a refund for undelivered items, very poor communication with customer service, beware of this page

163

Please make “direct signature” a choice for the customer. I had to contact fedex 10 times with a failed delivery attempt. I’m a student living at an apartment, and it’s nearly impossible for me to directly sign the package during weekdays. I could not change the signature requirement due to Farfetch already determining it.

164

Terrible company, First time I have ordered here and it will be the last. Items do not arrive in original packaging. My bag turned up with scratches and dents all over it gutted. Has taken a over a week for them to email me back.

165

The box came completely destroyed which was slightly insulting considering how much i paid for it. I do not know if i will be ordering again it this is how my items are going to be treated.

166

VERY disappointed, needed to despite my $675 in order to get my refund for the item I returned. Customer service was very rude and unprofessional. I have emails saying there are nothing they can do getting my refund back we can only wait for boutique, unbelievable.

167

It was my first shopping, and the last. You send to me bag in other color than i ordred...

168

The sneakers I ordered don’t fit. I wasted my promo code for nothing. Great.

169

BEWARE THIS COMPANY SELLS FAKE GOODS - TRIED TO PASS OFF A GUCCI BELT AS A GENUINE ONEFARFETCH CS WOULD NOT ACCEPT DESPITE GUCCI CONFIRMING THUS

170

Nightmare to deal with if you’re based in the UK. placed 2 orders. Huge delays with returns. Waited 3 weeks for refund of £240. Now in week 4 waiting for refund on £1,500 worth of good.  Will not confirm if items received by the store and just awaiting refund or if they are held in customs. Suspect this is just a delay by their store partners in refunding a large amount of money. My bank being use as cash flow for small independent stores.

171

Terrible company, do not waste your time and money with this company you will not receive your order and you will not get any response from customer services, my advice is buy directly from the designer this company in my experience does not ship your goods and you will never get an update as to why

172

I used their second life site to sell a bag. Don’t do it they take your bag and it has been 3 months and l have still not received my credit. Been going back and forth with emails. Stay clear!

173

TAX FRAUD!!! You pay an amount but the receipt you receive is for a much less amount! I bought a BALMAIN last week, paid 904€ and receive an invoice of 578€!!! Although i contact customer service they refused to give a receipt for the amount i paid! NOT TO BE TRUSTED AT ALL!!!

174

If I could give less than one star, I would. Terrible service. They take your money for goods they can’t even supply and then communication with them is all but impossible. Hugely disappointed and would never, ever recommend.

175

i am so disappointed...... the colour of the shoe is totally wrong, not the one ordered.. i don't really like to return but i got no choice but to return... :(

176

My item arrived in a torn box. The box was severely torn and there are two tears in the box, exposing the sweater I purchased to any rain, water, or air via transportation.

177

They are rubbish all in all, items always arrived damaged like worn, the customer service is so unhelpful and very rude they don’t help what’s so ever waited in for a collection for a return and they couldn’t be precise gave me a time for 4-7pm gone past 7 still not turned up they have no tracking for there couriers! Wouldn’t shop with farfetch again awful service and awful products

178

After my package was stuck in UK customs for over 12 days, I receive the same answer over and over again from Farfetch and DHL just to go in circles. Every day they never received a proper response ever, only to say "we're working hard on it". I never received my item, the latest status of my item simply shows returned to the sender. I have not even received a refund or any form of compensation.Farfetch has not got back to me, it seems like nobody knows what's happening to my order.I never wanted to go public with my order, I have been very patient with the customer service reps. I've only been lied to over and over again. So disgusted with my experience considering my purchase wasn't of low value either. These people don't care about you at all.My order number is GAW39J and on the status, it says it's been delivered which is a complete lie. Rubbish service and disgusting business practice.

179

I ordered my shirt & during the checkout process I never once was told I couldn’t deliver to a P.O. Box. I got the run around for 3 days saying they can take the restrictions off my package & have it left at a UPS location. But I was also told no changes could be made due to the label already being created & the product wasn’t in Farfetch hands but in UPS’S.

180

The bag that I received is damaged! It is not the first time the products I bought from Farfetch are broken or not in the perfect shape!

181

Omg this is the worst company I have ever used!!! They sent a faulty item and will not replace unless it goes back to them, them back to the boutique and then back to the manufacturer! This is a £320 jacket. When I asked to speak to a manager she said she was the only one there which makes me very worried! If they sell you a faulty items they make the procedure so hard the get your money back or a replacement! Customer services didn't even listen to what I was say just reading from a script and she was so passive aggressive it was un really!!!! If I could leave 0 stars I would!!!!

182

Really bad. One bag still missing from my order. It was separated in two and the second part never arrived.

183

handle without box. 2 crystals are missing :(

184

Ordered a pink JACQUEMUS bag, it was the last one in stock. It was £475 + £11 shipping fees from Portugal. On arrival I opened it to receive it with dents, scratches and markings and the security bag. The original box was not provided I was shocked with the packaging. The security bag come with blue pen markings all over it... the marks are  extremely visible due to the material of the bag. I consulted CS with proof of photos and they offered 10% £47.50 off a £475 bag and I’m shocked that they are only willing to provide that when they have sent me over a used bag! Avoid. Your better off using Selfridges or going into store. I will be returning and you can sell it on elsewhere!

185

I was not able to cancel/exchange size to this order after 5 mins of ordering. This was a really bad experience.

186

It has scratch on my bag. It takes a long time to exchange bags and I'm just going to use it because it's annoying.

187

Tried to return order DEHBGA, 6 unsuccessful attempts have been made by the courier. Trying to return items have been an absolute nightmare as I have contacted customer service for 2 weeks and getting nowhere

188

Ordered 2 items and had many issues with the delivery. 1 item arrived after a long waiting time and the other never arrived. You are asked to pay the shipping fee in both ways for delivery and return/refund.

189

Awful customer service. Returned my purchase on the 17th August using their returns label with DHL. Arrived at destination fine, no refund so contacted customer support who told me it then had to be sent on to another country before I could be refunded! Then got lost by them and am still awaiting full refund over a month later. Dreadful company.

190

Very bad experience, I received a different pair of shoes and I don't know what to do

191

Beware of this company farfetch Placed a order for men’s  cucci loafers For £500 never received my goods They took money from my credit card am left crying BEWARE BEWARE

192

I ordered a $700 bag from Farfetch and after several days of no reaction and an email from me, it was shipped via FedEx with signature required. However the package was never delivered to me and the signature was forged, and when I talked to Farfetch all they did was check the tracking status with FedEx, which told them it was marked as delivered (shocker) and showed a provably false signature. They told me they would not provide any refund. There is absolutely no buyer protection here, no insurance on their end, nor offered to the recipient, on these expensive goods they are shipping. BEWARE, if the package is lost, you are on your own. It’s simply not worth the risk. Buy from a local retailer, from an online retailer that offers insurance or has a better policy on this, or direct from the brands. Stay away from Farfetch.

193

Clothes arrived on August Friday 27 and were not delivered to me but to the concierge, so I got them on August 30. I was ill so things took longer than usual to try them. Try to arrange return on September 13 but it was not possible on the website so I wrote to them. I took them 4 days to return, saying it was to late. By UK law the return window is 28 days, so I am well within that window, but they think they are above the law and prefer to leave me with £800 of clothes that don't fit rather then help me.Do not trade with them, your capital is at risk!

194

What a scam. The delivery company they use delivered to a different address and sent me pictures as proof. I pointed out with pictures of my address that they delivered somewhere else, Farfetch said it was my problem, did not chase up the company they use to deliver parcels so I am out of pocket..

195

I got a broken item upon receiving.  I found the Rosenthal 21cm Seven Contour Gold Vase broken when I open the box.  I was very disappointed because it's a gift to a friend and I need to give in 2 days.

196

Very bad experience, I bought a gold dolce gabana sneakers they took the full amount from my visa card , but they sent me a silver one with a lot of damage  , yellow glue everywhere ,  it doesn t look original at all  , I bought one Alexander mcqueen sneaker they sent it  to me without the original storing footwear packaging  the protective bags which is important to protect the sneakers from outsiders damage, Also they are making fun of their customers, the discount code of 10% that they send to you by email when u register for your first purchase is never working,  the  delivery was fast.

197

Stay away from Farfetch  orders a pair of cucci loafers and never received them customer service very poor said to me they where delivered to my address which we never received any parcel and never signed for any parcel £500 of my hard earned money in the drain at these difficult times DHL delivery tracking showing the order was left at a closed front door not my door injustice DO NOT ORDER FROM THE FARFETCH

198

Totally customer service and manager horrible! For the second time I have received the wrong item (order same item) I have been told from them that if I was going to ordered again I was going to receive the right one this time! When, for the second time , the item arrived I received the wrong one again! Short story they gave me only £20 discount as apologies. Which £10 are for the shipping and £10 for apologies! Really sad and disappointed for a big company like them!!

199

Farfetch services are amazing, fast shipping etc. However, they are only that good until somethings wrong. Their customer service is horrendous. When I emailed them about a fault if my shoes, after many emails of pictures, they asked me to send my shoes away to the brand for 2-3 months. As somebody who doesn’t have many designer items, I am very proud and protective of the things I have so I didn’t want to send them away. Cut a long story short, it’s been 3 months now and I am having to keep my damaged shoes due to them not being able to meet my needs as a lower income person.

200

Took to long to arrive . And to be shipped . Payed for delivery express for nothing .

201

The size is wrong !!! It’s very simple task to get me the size I asked for 10.5 UK size How come this happened

202

Unbelievably bad experience, I said I wouldn’t but if my review spares at least one person from going through a similar experience then it’s worth sharing.I ordered one pair of Burberry sunglasses, and I receive a pair with a scratch on the middle of the lense. I requested for an exchange, giving the benefit of the doubt and I was told that I should place another order as farfetch does not offer exchanges. After advising the stock on their website, which wrongfully advertised that there was only one pair left, I thought I’d purchase that, and not risk losing out. Few days later, I received the item with a well scratched frame this time, which seriously makes one think if there’s a minimum of quality control on what their partners are sending out. I am 16 days in from my first order, returned both orders and have €400 pending to be returned. Customer service team is waiting to sort with their partner, as if this is my responsibility to carry, and their promise of an early refund turned out to be just a way to rid of me from their lines. Was 50 minutes on the phone on a long distance call, just to add to everything and managed to sort nothing. Really regret not purchasing from another seller, paying top dollar to receive niche brands and getting goods that would make Burberry’s hair fall off.

203

I bought a pre loved pair of Chanel trousers and after one day they cancelled the order claiming it was out of stock. They said this happens from time to time so I thought ok, bad luck. Yesterday I purchased a pre loved Chanel jacket and once again they cancelled my order claiming it is out of stock. So this is not happening from "time to time" but all the time. Farfetch is totally unreliable.

204

I bought two pairs of shoes and I sent back to them one pair (size was small). I’m still waiting for the refund. I also wrote to them 7 emails and no one answered. That’s awful!!!Unacceptable customer service and nonexistent.

205

Worst customer support who holds you the customer liable for issues. I had an open investigation for a delivery issue which was closed twice by internal investigation team even when the carrier had acknowledged the delivery issue.

206

Sent me the wrong size I sent them back refund

207

I came to this website to buy better quality clothing, but they really don't care what they send you. first I came here twice just to give them a chance, but the first time they sent me stuff that was not up to a higher pricing stander, the gear would not hold up for the first few months. second, they only give you less than a week to send things back even though every other clothing brand I have purchased from has given me a month.for the clothing I bought 100 dollar sweatpants and the button came off the first day  by me just moving it a little. do not waste your money with them for the reason to that you can find better quality stuff for the same price or even less. also they miss advertised some product, like swimshort as shorts

208

I got the wrong t shirt, not the model I ordered. And I can’t get the good one anymore as it is out of stock now. That is very disappointing.

209

I have bought lots of products from Belstaff.Every product include the hanger.But I bought New kelby jacket from Farfetch and I didn’t discover the hanger in the package.

210

I WANT MY MONEY BACKI bought a pair of tods shoes, returned them the day after because the size was wrong. DHL guy came to collect them, check the box, scan the code and leave. After 6 WEEKS they keep saying the collection did not happen and they don't give me the money back!!!!!! I called them at least 10 times, spent hours on the phone, only to hear that they are still investigating. SERIOUSLY???????? You investigate with DHL but you MUST gave me my money back!!!!! Horrible service I can't believe it, I will never use this company anymore, I am so disappointed and frustrated. Q

211

I would very much like to buy you jeans with a high waist. But every purchase attempt turned out so that the jeans came with a low waist. I really don't know what to do to get the right goods

212

Yesterday I was shocked to see that Farfetch charged my card for 7214 EUR. I have no new or pending orders. There is absolutely no reason or justification for this. Contacted them immediately, still no response.

213

wrong item, and won't be able to get the original order...so mad

214

Shoes are too big and a different color then expected

215

Never again I will buy from that siteI bought shoes which come damaged. More than 20 days customer support had not help me. Most of time they just didnt answer to my emails. At the end they send a courier to me to return the shoes and receive my money - of course for that luxury I had to pay the shipping cost, VAT etc for the first shipping. Never never again! Absolutely bulshit! There are a lot of better sites in EU - with an original items and perfect customer support.

216

would recommend you buy direct from the designer as there returns if faulty is a 3 months waiting total joke don’t buy a fendi pram at 1950 totally robbed fur ruined in 4 weeks

217

Worst customer service ever. I've returned a parcel a month ago, it's been delivered at the merchant but I haven't received my money back and customer 'service' isn't responding to my emails. Worried, as I bought a pair of Isabel Marant shoes worth almost €300,-. Would not recommend, second time this has happened to me.

218

Have always enjoyed shopping at far fetch but that is because I have never needed to return something, until this week. I returned a belt, the returns are free as stated on their website but they charged for the shipping of the product to me which I didn’t keep. I emailed to ask for the shipping to be refunded online with the consumer contracts regulations, I eve sent a copy of this to show them their obligations should they be unaware(!?!). Farfetch seem to think that their T&C’s are above the law and are refusing my refund. Sadly having to report them to trading standards and claim my refund (along with any associated costs) through other channels. I wouldn’t recommend shipping with farfetch sadly as their customer service is poor and when shopping online, a strong and reliable and legal customer service is what is needed.

219

Horrible packing and broken boxes. This was an anniversary gift but came horribly wrong.

220

Product looks like it had been handled by multiple people and the sizing on the web is completely off. I ordered XL which I was led to believe was for a 36”waist whereas the product I was sent looks like it would fit someone twice my size! On writing this review I have also just  noticed that you sent me the wrong product. I ordered the cotton jersey fit and your partner sent the superfine or at least if the packaging is to be believed. I say that because the box the briefs come in appears well worn without any kind of seal or additional (plastic?) wrapping (ok, not earth or climate friendly but necessary, in my view, with this kind of product when sold online). On that note, yesterday I received a Brunello Cucinelli T-shirt that absolutely wreaked of mildew - like the package had been left in the rain for days!Your standards are definitely slipping!

221

Great discounts. But every time I try to place an order 5 minutes later I receive email order are being canceled. Not sure why maybe because I’m in the USA. Wish I could trade. But then again if it’s too true to be good then maybe it’s not a good idea to buy from this website.

222

Shipping was right on time but when I open my package the boots was dirty and Stretch out…. I was very disappointed with the company and they would do this to their customers especially in times like this knowing Covid 19 so high…

223

They are terrible, they delivered empty box, would not refund or replace item.Do not trust theses crooks

224

Ridiculous system for returning items. Posted back using label provided, this has a Netherlands address - return arrived over four weeks ago but told it has to be forwarded onto Italy before I can be refunded. Still waiting for a refund more than 4 weeks since I posted. Never using this company again.

225

Wrong size arrived when it came to my home. Extremely annoyed with this

226

Ordered one expensive item.  DHL tried to deliver but I was at work and could not get time off to be home.  I rearranged delivery for today between 9am and 1pm.  I took unpaid leave so as I could be home.  Item was not delivered and I had to leave for work at 1.30pm.  DHL tried to deliver at 2.36pm.  Farfetch have told me that it is my fault because I should have stayed home all day and that I need to take it up with DHL.  DHL will only speak with their customer (Farfetch) and not me.  So I am out of pocket for the delivery postage I paid and for half a days pay and Farfetch could not care less.  I believe DHL are returning the item to Farfetch.  Lesson learnt to not buy from them ever again.

227

AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!!I have never reviewed my parcel and they will not refund . They wanted proof of my drive. And camera footage of time they said parcel was delivered.I provided photo evidence. Video evidence and video evidence of delivery. I have never reviewed parcel. I will never shop with them ever again and neither will my family and friends. Absolutely disguisted with their customer service. I've lost over £500 and they have no interest chasing FedEx !!!They have refused to help at all. what kind of service is this???

228

You shipped the wrong dress!!! Instead of my black dress in size 14, you shipped some blue dress in size 6!Also the box was messed up pretty bad and for that I have pictures to send you.This was my first experience with your company and I’m disappointed.

229

Awfull service! I never recived my package

230

Worst customer service ever. 1st order was the wrong item (spend over €800 on the item). 2nd the shoes were dirty and 2nd hand ? Embarrassing. 3rd the refund for the 2nd order, they never refunded me for the shipping even though they sent me out a 2nd hand pair of shoes that were dirty. EMBARRASSING. None of my friends or family will EVER order from here again

231

Have another item was supposed to come before hat and it’s still sitting in Memphis since 29th I really needed that item today SO disappointed!

232

I used to order from Farfetch all the time and was always very impressed with their experience, but I am NEVER ordering with them again. I recently returned a pair of shoes worth AED3,000 that they failed to locate, and as a result of Farfetch's irresponsibility, they said they are unable to process my refund. I am still looking into it with the team but I am never ordering with them again, particularly as I was the one who has had to do all the work to keep things moving, with NO proactivity or help from their end. Horrible, horrible customer service experience globally. The person I am in touch with now is from their Middle East office, and he seems to be really helpful, so let's see what he comes back with, but with that said, never ordering with them again.

233

This is the second time I place an order and pay, and then the following day I get a message that you are sorry but the item is out of stock. This is very disappointing since the item was shown to be in stock while I was shopping online. Additionally, the payment takes a long time until it is reversed by the bank. At least, if you are unsure if the item is in stock, then the money should only be deducted after you confirm the availability. Otherwise, you could give us an option to keep the amount as credit in the store to avoid taking a long time to refund through the bank. This seems to be a simple thing to do and that’s why I am disappointed.

234

I bought some expensive boots one year ago and now both of the boots are broken. I asked to get a new pair because there should be a 2 year warranty. Instead they offered to pay a small part to get them fixed which is not okay.

235

Bag took 12 days to be send as they run out of stock.When it arrived it had no Zanotti or Farfetch tagsOne zip running rough and getting stuck.I provided  a video of it and they agreed that the zipper was not up to what  it should be for a 1200 euro bag.They denied an exchange though and they offered a refund and they said I should  make a new order.Unforunately the 20% offer has also expired now which means the bag is more expensive. I brough this to their attention and said that is not right not to be able to buy the bag again  at the same price as it was their fault.Still no answer on my request….Very dissapointed with them as this happened with other items in the past

236

From the 02.08 still I did not get my order

237

Do not trust this website at all. Very bad experience.

238

I have not received one of the items in the order. Happens for the first time. The boutique informed that it HAS been sent and now I’m really confused what will happen during the investigation initiated…

239

I have received the wrong item and no one answers my emails.

240

DONT ORDER FROM THIS WEBSITE, for a luxury website that sell designer goods you would think they would use a reliable courier however that is not the case!! they use DHL and read the reviews on dhl if your dont believe me they WILL lose your parcel i ordered a gucci ring and they took a photo of the complete wrong house nowhere even in my estate and i have been trying to contact farfetch however they seem to have not a care that a £170 ring has been lost by a lot of  buffoons trust me this is not a place to trust when ordering

241

You guys are having problems with the size table.. because I already bought 4 shoes on your website and I’m getting the wrong size every time. You guys need to fix the sizes table. Thanks!

242

I received a wet shoe box. Really terrible experience!

243

Based on the product(s) I ordered it was clearly shown that the items were meant for gym wear (the picture was of a lady wearing a set of leggings and a tank top that I ordered, holding a gym bag and wearing trainers) what I received was leggings and a tank top that said "sleepwear" on the tag and the material was definitely for pajamas. I went back on the app to check if I had mistaken the product(s) for gym wear but it was very deceiving and nowhere did it say that the item was sleepwear.

244

Paid big money for a top. DHL lied claiming I was not home. Disappointed with farfetch and will never shop online. I will stick to Selfridges and Harvey Nichols

245

Truly a nerve wracking and horrible experience, I had unfortunately to go though with Farfetch. The return/ refund system is not working. I ordered 3 pairs of sneakers and returned 2 of them. They are not able to see my return even after 8 months of back and forth. The customer service was nice but they have no decision rights at all. Even cheep suppliers like H&M would forgive an amount to hold their costumers, but Farfetch instead seems to have a helpless customer service. No trust in this supplier!

246

Highly over priced comparing to another  reseller websites more than 100% margin literally!! , I would recommend for sneaker heads to seek another reliable site instead of Farfetch

247

Received a balmain dress and the label had been cut out! Returned the item and asked for the shipping fee to be refunded which they wouldn’t do. Wouldn’t recommend!

248

The buying experience was not bad, but the size guide on the website is unreliable. The shoe size I ordered was 37 BR (8 US), but it was significantly smaller than the other same sized shoes that I own. It was even smaller then the US size 7! I believe that it is your responsibility as a vendor to provide more accurate size charts to avoid these complications in the future.

249

The size of my product was wrong. I have been trying change the product for the right size and it hasn’t been posible.

250

I got the wrong size, I paid 50$ for tax and 23$ for delivery, now I have to refund them, and pay for another tax and another shipping to get the right size... I lost 150$, it’s more than a shoes price. So sad, they steal money.

251

I ordered from Giuseppe Zanotti through Farfetch. Farfetch put false information about the merchandise available on their website and so the products cannot be delivered.They stole my money. Although I paid they sided with their supplier and now I wait indefinitely, even though I don't need the merchandise anymore.I will go to court and sue them for this Internet scam.

252

I did not receive what I ordered it was a different color shoe. I will never shop this site again

253

literally was sent black instead of the ivory color i ordered.

254

There’s been a payment issue with my order and I’m yet to receive it. I have called the customer Care service consistently and yet no resolve. I need my package please, kindly let me know how to resolve payment ASAP.This is very unfair. I need my package please.

255

I did not receive the item and when I contact with dhl they said it refunded!!

256

Awful customer service very diabolical service provided! Ordered a pair of Alexander wang heels which I got sent to the local pick up shop collected the package with my contents not in the box absolutely shocking, contacted customer service right away who told me she would let me know in a weeks time 2 weeks have gone by still no answer or reply to my email! Never shop of farfetch they are a scam!!! Take your money send you no goods and then don’t reply! 3 weeks later and still no reply from farfetch on my missing goods absolutely furious!

257

Absolutely dreadful company to deal with. I bought an Alexander McQueen spider ring in November 2020. I wore the ring only 3 or 4 times and on the last wear, the spider fell off the ring completely. No problem I thought - it’s damaged goods, so Farfetch should replace, repair or refund. I contacted Farfetch and sent photos of the faulty ring. After many emails to customer service, Farfetch completely washed their hands of me. They stated that the “Partner” - I.e the retailer (who is not Farfetch apparently but a shop in Romania), insisted that this was due to wear and tear. They wouldn’t accept that a ring of that value (£300) should last far longer than 4 months and 4 wears! They have treated me absolutely appallingly - they just blame everything on the retailer yet it’s impossible to contact the retailer as the contract is with Farfetch. It makes absolutely no sense at all and I will never ever buy anything from them again. I hope this review helps other people who are considering buying anything of value from Farfetch. If you have any after sales issues - they will not treat you fairly.

258

Never recieved my item but Farfetch insist that it was delivered and signed by me and refused refund, I will never order from them again and I recommend others not to as well.

259

For an online retailer that carries designer products Farfetch need a better return policy then 14 days. I just got back home from a business trip 2 days ago only to realize the shorts I ordered were the wrong size. I immediately reached out to customer service only to be completely turned down at any chance of a return or exchange. At Gucci, Louis Vuitton and other designer stores if you're ever past the 14 day return period they still facilitate some kind of return or exchange since they know you paid top dollar for an item. This goes for their online orders as well. They understand that a majority of their loyal clients who shop with them consistantly do not work or live a regular 9-5  schedule with the ability to go immediately after work or on the weekend to return/exchange an item. Will definitely not shop here again after being stuck with these brand new $500 shorts that don't fit.Thank You,

260

I purchased a pair of off white lace up high heels in white. I wore them 3 times and both heels started detaching from the shoe. I had purchased them 10 months earlier however they are not an everyday shoe (5-6inches and lace up the calf). I wore them for the first time on vacation. I sent them pictures and they told me they broke due to wear and refused to refund or credit me back. They put the responsibility on the boutique the shoes came from, which obviously didn’t want to issue a refund. I took the shoes to a cobbler he said it is a design flaw and no matter how many times he fixes it, it will always come off again. The shoes were close to 1500 dollars cad. If I had purchased them directly from off white they would have refunded me. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SITE! Not only did they do nothing to assist me, they let the store blame me for 1500 dollar shoes falling apart after 3 wears.

261

I received a wrong colour of the bag I ordered , totally wrong not even close. I ordered nude and I got it yesterday as GREY!! Plus it came without a box . Not professionally wrapped which is weird!! Very disappointed.

262

Unbelievable, bought Alexander McQueens in may via Farfetch. They have arrived with visible scratches in the back. This is unacceptable for 500€. The customer service of Farfetch is not able to give me either the money back or deliver new shoes in almost 4 months. This is the worst customer experience I’ve ever had. Don’t suggest buying here it’s absolute scam.

263

Absolutely disgraceful customer service!!!Bought one thing, got a different one. When got in touch with Farfetch I was shocked by the fact that they were unable to correct their own mistake?!!... All I want was the product that I purchased, that's all!! Anyway keep away, there is plenty of options to shopping without all the hassle!!

264

I recently purchased a size 12 CDG Converse from FARFETCH two months  ago and my package came in reasonable time.When I received my package I noticed that I was given the WRONG SHOES  and the WRONG SIZE !!!! I can understand the if you mistake one or the other but both is unacceptable.Then I returned the shoes but it’s been over a month and I still have yet to receive a refund from them !!!!

265

Bought a Fendi ring for my wife’s birthday. I contacted Far Fetch to ask to exchange for a larger size. They responded saying they would not exchange. I offered to pay all shipping costs but bluntly said No. Be very cautious ordering from here. I would not use as there are many similar websites who have far better customer service and exchange policies. Very short sited service levels.

266

I order these pants on the July 29th my delivery date was the Aug 5 (remind you I paid 45. Extra for delivery and sale taxes I believe) pants was 208. And it came up to 245.…. I was taking these pants out of town with me for an important photo shoot. I called to see what was the hold up and they where stuck in Italy customs on the 5th… (no one contact me or informed me of a delay) customer service could not help me with this delay and did not offer no suggestions or apology for this huge inconvenience.  I just got home from my trip about an hour ago and I get an email from concierge that I have a package that was delivered today. I will be returning the item, because it’s no need for them. I did not open the package to see the quality of the shorts or anything. (So I have no review on the shorts) I’m so disappointed with farfetch. This is not the first time something was stuck in customs that was order from far fetch. I never have this problem with FWRD.

267

We received wrong item. We feel really bad with this whole situation, It's really cheating. Trying to order the shoes againNo sizes,Less size is  double the pricePlus shipping,

268

Bought a cap from Karl Lagerfeld ... its a fake I expected more Farfetch... bus this is... they have sent me a flexfit cap with karl lagerfeld stamps on it...

269

I BUY A WOMEN T-SHIRT KARL LAGERFELD ...ARRIVED AFTER 2 DAYS THE LABELS 100% INDICATE A FAKE ITEM WITH NO SERIAL NUMBER...

270

Send me wrong size and it’s a woman’s belt

271

I received used shoes from Isabel Marant.Recently, I ordered a vase from mad et LEN and despite the fact that I paid for it, it still hasn't been sent and I haven't received it, and the consultant wrote that today it will be for sure.

272

I ordered a NEW pair Burberry shades and it arrived with NO CLEANER, NO BOX, USED SUNGLASSES! There was dust and finger prints on it too/ I contacted them about it and all they could offer was 10% which is nothing compared to the price I paid for. I was not happy. And for the fact it was a luxury brand and was sent in such a cheap state with items missing it was very disappointing. I then went onto Shadestation and ordered the same pair - it came with Burberry  book, Burberry box, Burberry cleaner as well as sticker. On top of that the shades covered in plastic as its BRAND NEW. I wont be ordering anything from here again.

273

Never buy from them there full of it and yeah I don’t have the product flat out I’m reporting you to the Better Business Bureau into Google so you can get the off the Internet you waste my time and made me expose my personal information I’m going to make sure that I report you farfetch to the proper people to get you on the back in where you’re supposed to be instead of a main stream false advertising items that you do not have . Your money laundering in moving currency around by receiving it and returning it you and the real real or doing the same thing and I will be reporting you I cancel that card so you cannot play with my money as for my information they better completely disregarded of it  I will come to the location on your website you got me messed up in yahll  chose the wrong person for this because it’s on now I don’t trust stuff like this I don’t trust you so I need to report Far-fetched  to cover my end just in case something was to happen to me my environment my information y’all got me messed up I pray every one of your scammers die

274

awful service from farfetch . they didnt upgradge my tier . they are spammers be careful . after so many i money that i have spent , i am very disappointed

275

I received my dress dirty with makeup stains all over my dress and this is really gross specially with COVID-19 situation

276

Note upfront: this is really a review of UPS France, not Farfetch. But UPS does not give a toss about bad reviews. The only solution is to get businesses to stop using UPS in France.When I saw that Farfetch was going to deliver my parcel by UPS, my heart sank. I have never successfully received a parcel from UPS France on first try. Now, I live in central Paris and get deliveries successfully all the time, from all sorts of delivery companies EXCEPT UPS.UPS always says ‘I was not at home’, and tells me to pick up at a location in a different arrondissement. So it is the case this Wednesday morning. I’ve received that dreaded email.Of course I was at home. I work from home, where else would I be on Wednesday morning?In conclusion, Farfetch, do yourself and your customers a favour and switch to a different provider. Literally sticking a stamp on and putting it in the post box is better than paying overpaying UPS for their rubbish service.

277

They still my money shop send me dress with one tag from farfetch and later said it’s 2 tag not akcept return no refund money not dress just sell to someone else where it’s my money 1312€!!!

278

I bought a relatively expensive dress for around DKK 2200 from Farfetch. When I received the dress, it has a fault in one of the seam in the side. Farfetch did not wanted to cover the total tailor costs, but sent a price reduction of DKK 100. I while I had to pay DKK 300 for the repair at the tailor. Afterwards, I use the dress for a wedding party for one night. The first and only time, I used the dress the dress goes up in the seams (again) around the armpit. Therefore, I feel compelled to contact Farfetch once again. At that point I had already paid for a repair at a tailor and really don’t want any more challenges with this dress. Therefore, I’ll prefer returning the dress and receive a refund of the purchase amount.  But Farfetch does not take responsibility for this and retains my emails very late. Last time I received a message from Farfetch is about a month ago, but I have tried to contact them 3 times in the meantime, but without getting a response from them.  Now, I’m left with a defective dress that I have already spent extra resources and money to . A really bad customer experience.  I cannot recommend Farfetch to anyone.

279

The worst one, please check the prices because they lie about them. The offical prices are so much lower then the one they say that are. And they act like the items are on sale , but they’re not . They just rise the prices and you pay more . And also they dont offer the option to cancel the order asap. The customer selfice not helpful at all.

280

ruined my wedding day.no communication, lies over the phone, wedding dress not delivered on time, and I hear are excuses, excuses..

281

This was one of the worst shopping experiences I've ever had. Farfetch sold me a product that was unable to clear customs due to unprovided product information. Money, time, and shipment tied up for over a week after being reassured everything was resolved 👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾down.

282

So shocking. I’m updating on my complaint that farfetch continues to make false promises for a refund for an item I never received and have now after two weeks said they won’t give me my money even though they admitted I was entitled to it. Straight robbery to a loyal long time client. So disgusted in your shameful customerService. You should be ashamed of what you are doing.Look at their generic fake responses to people speaking the truth. Thanks Rodolfo for your appalling false emails stating you will refund me and then avoiding any action. You are a bunch of scammers. NEVER SHOP AT FARFETCH. ITS BOUND TO GO WRONG AND THEIR SERVICE IS ZERO IN FACT THEY PREY ON THESE MOMENTS TO ROB YOU

283

Returned a bracelet iaw Farfetch’s open box return policy (see website for details) using DHL. I followed the policy exactly, leaving the box open for the driver to verify and accept the contents. A week later I had an email saying that my parcel arrived with the contents missing, therefore I would not receive a refund. I contacted customer service stating that I had indeed returned the item, and the driver had verified its contents (iaw their policy) and accepted the parcel (if there was no bracelet, they would reject it). Farfetch should have issued my refund and reviewed their return policy, to consider whether they do a ‘closed box’ approach like most retailers. Instead I was told this was my responsibility and I would not be getting my money back. Basically, I’ve had this money stolen from me and now have to take the time to pursue the issue through trading standards. Never using Farfetch again and instead sticking with ethical businesses like End.NOTE: IF YOUR POLICY SAYS CUSTOMERS RETURN IT WITH THE BOX OPEN, THEY ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS ONCE IT LEAVES THEIR CARE. TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR CUSTOMER CARE AND CORPORATE POLICIES.

284

They need to check their prices, I have a habit of window shopping before buying anything and I have noticed that their prices are higher then the original prices in stores , very disappointing

285

If I could give 0 stars, I would. And I mean that. First of all, my item was held up in customs for over 3 weeks, and FF barely did anything to help it move along. I had to act as a liaison between FF and the courier. I ended up opting to return to sender since it would’ve been almost a month since they shipped. The FF representatives were nice, but they weren’t on top of updating me whatsoever. Only after I contacted the courier myself to return the item, that’s when the item started to move along. I can only say that this was my first and definitely last purchase from FARFETCH. I will keep my business at SSENSE.

286

Farfetch is a big scam. I purchase 2 items that cost around 1500 and never receive them. When I called to let them know I didn’t receive my package on the delivery day. They were extremely rude and denied me help. I then ask for a refund and was told no because of lack of information about the claim case. Overall farfetch is a big SCAM and  I will NEVER order there again.

287

Articles that I paid for are eventually unavailable. Bad algorithm.

288

i had to pay additional taxes customer service was very rude im still waiting for a call back instead of taking responsibility the try to claim its not themwill not order from farfetch

289

Made two orders and both cancelled, no explanation, waited for over a week for each order and just got refunded. Horrible customer experience, as a first time customer I don't see why you should buy through a middleman website when you can buy directly with the independent shops. Waste of time, avoid

290

I have ordered a pair of sneakers, after 2 days they canceled it and when i wanted to re-order them the price was 20% higher

291

Just gone to order an item from the UK, delivering to the UK and the cost is £10 delivery. What a joke.

292

This order was ordered against my permission by their terrible website. This is the second time in 5 years that this has occurred. They shouldnt store credit card details on the website. I CANCELLED the order immediately. Yet, they decided to send it out to me, despite numerous emails and phone calls. I even asked for a Manager to phone me back -- which they SAID would happen, but it didnt!  Very poor customer service on all levels. Farfetch -- you really need to do much better. I find customer service is consistently very poor.

293

For this order I must unfortunately rate 1 star.The item I received was completely broken / shattered.Warm regardsJared

294

Wrong size !!! I ordered size M, they shipped size S for me. It was a gift to my sister I didn’t know it until she told me. Can not return as the tag already removed.

295

I'm not happy with service. I ordered a bag for about £500 for my nieces wedding and still have not received it weeks later.I've called customer services and its not helped. I've emailed and received no email. They said they would email me but I've still not received. I would like a refund. However they are refunding and just fobbing me off!

296

The item was dirty, poorly tailored, packed in a paper

297

I  am disgusted and disappointed with Farfetch this is the second item I have purchased from them from Moschino that is damaged. I just open the box only to find the Moschino Belt scratched up THEY KNEW THIS BELT WAS DAMAGED!!!!! There is no way!!! the lettering did not have plastic on it , this must have been a return item I am never shopping with Farfetch again I am tired of paying high duties only to get damaged items, I'm Done with Farfetch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I want all of my money back duties included !!!!!!

298

I'm very unlucky that I buy a pre owned Prada Brand wallet so disappointed shopping on Farfetch online,  the photo presentation looks really new and I'm looking forward to receipt it. But when I received the wallet inside was broken and looks very old fashion. Who will waste the money to buy something can't use ??Lost my passion and I will never trust Farfetch online photos. Said goodbye to Farfetch online. :(

299

The sale products are also grossly overpriced compared to other sites. You will save by being vigilent.

300

I bought a pair of Dolce and Gabanna sunglasses and the temples became super loose after the first use so now they are so big that I can't wear them anymore. I wrote to Farfetch customer service like 5 weeks ago and because they never replied I have to call. It has been more than 4 weeks already and they still can't give me a solution. Not the customer service quality I would excpet from a luxury goods retailer.

301

Paid $447 for a dolce and gabbana shoes that as been worn! You could literally see that the shoes was worn before! My first and last time buying a designer shoes from here. Never again! SSENSE would never!!!!!!

302

Absolutely shocking service. Ordered an item to be delivered by click and collect, waited 5 days and had to call twice to be told they don't offer click and collect (even though it's on their site) to then have to wait another 14 days after that for it to delivered to my changed address. I had to call 12 times and get absolutely no help from any of their customer service team. Every team they promised they would email/call me back and not one person did. To top it off their compensation offered was £20 off my next order. Unsurprisingly I won't be using the £20 as I will not be using them again.

303

Not my first time as a customer but my first time being disappointed by them.I was expecting a designer box with a presentable packaging, all I got was a very poor packaging after spending all that money. And why my bag has a Farfetch tag and not Balenciaga? If this bag was shipped from Balenciaga shop in France why do I have a poor packaging? Someone need to answer this question a for me 🤦🏽‍♀️

304

This item is from Hong Kong but it takes so long to ship it to me really bad

305

I was told by farfetch that if I withdraw my chargeback claim for order D5BD9E filed with my bank. That my refund for this particular order will be processed but since the withdrawal of this claim by me. Farfetch hasn’t gone ahead with the refund process as promised!

306

The picture you show only the right foot, but the left and right sides of the shoes are different colors. How could I know?

307

I've placed an order of 717 Euro on July 7th, after one week the order status was still "processing".Contacted Farfetch customer service twice, they answered the same thing "Browns boutique is having some delays with the dispatch, they're going to send out your order soon" then their last reply yesterday "sorry for the delay, they're arranging your order, to apologize we'll refund the shipping costs".Yesterday evening I've received a refund of 10 Euro for the shipping costs, great, today I login into my account and I see the order has been canceled and all products are marked as "Sold out", but no refund has been issued.So basically, I've spent 717 Euro, got my order canceled after 9 days and only 10 Euros as refund.Someone may call this a fraud...And this should be the high-end website with top notch customer service?!Awful, just awful!

308

The box came empty and I’m now in a 15-day investigation process… cried all night because I’m out money, no gift for my dad, and no way to buy a replacement since that’s money I saved for a while and truly, there’s nothing for me to spend until I get my funds back.

309

BEWARE!!!!Fast delivery - 4 days from placing order to receiving goods.  VERY BAD returns …. 14 days UK/ The Netherlands / Brussels / Italy then 5 days to process and up to 10 days for refund to reach my account!!!!

310

I have purchased a Dolce & Gabana necklace.   After a few weeks some of the beads have started falling off one by one.  I contacted their customer services & they asked me twice to send a picture.   Finally after 4 weeks & many emails the company said they will send me a SPARE PART so I can take it to a local jewellery to get repaired with my own cost.   I have refused asked a replacement or a refund.   They said no.  After I have sent a twitter message they agreed to refund & the item was collected.  However, it has been over 3 weeks now that I haven't received my refund and they are not responding to my email or twitter message.   I have found them extremely arrogant and very bad in dealing customer queries.

311

Be careful, this company do not take any responsibility for the product they are selling.I just bought a pair of Prada shoes, they where broken after wearing  4 times (due to an fabrication mistake)I reported this to Farfetch, and still after almost 3 months of contract with they customers service, they still will not help…Extremely frustrating, and bad service.This website should NOT be allowed to sell high-end brands, because they will never give you any service or take responsibility.Do NOT trust this web site, be careful !

312

Absolutely Nightmare Delivery.As a luxury store / high fashion industry, can they hire some better delivery service like Net-a-potter? Rather than just franchise it out? My building requires a password to go into the lift, I told them much time through the intercom, and obviously, they don't listen, and they complain right into my face next to my neighbor. Absolutely terrible service even though it was from DHL.

313

The color is not genuine to be honest and it looks like after washing for couple of times, the color will fade away. Not the same quality I’ve ordered at first.

314

I did not receive my order please contact me 00971585572203

315

I bought a much coveted YSL medium envelope bag at AUD $3100 It arrived without an Authenticity Card (!!!) and no branded box - just wrapped in a basic black dust bag.The invoice enclosed was also for less than what I had paid.Not happy. I’ve asked for the outstanding items and they said it was not possible to issue them to me. If I’d known I wasn’t getting a ‘full set’ I would’ve bought this bag somewhere else. Buyer Beware

316

Don’t every buy from this company I brought a pair of Yeezy slide and I order a 7/12 they send me a 8 which are to big and they want me to send them back and purchase another pair Mind you I have to pay to send them back And if I purchase another pair they just keep going up in price which is ridiculous I bought them for three something and now they’re 800 just ridiculous

317

I just received the bag and the box is ripped, as is the paper inside, and the bag is scratched.Also, at the last order received on farfetch, I received an invoice with a smaller amount than the one paid and I was not able to clear the package. so my recent farfetch experience has been a bad one.

318

The item ordered has been used and is stained.  I have contacted customer service, but no one has responded to my inquiry.

319

Conflicting, misleading and unprofessional1.  Talking with the call center in two different countries I got, four different answers in three days2.  The staff is pretending to be helpful with their approach while on the phone or email, but ultimately they do nothing3.  The information on their website is oxymoronic all over, most often in consequential sentences. - In the first the say one thing, on the very next they deny themselves (example: "Some of our partners don't allow cancelled orders. Don't worry, you'll be able to return your items if you change your mind.")- Estimated delivery 3-5 days(stated in three different places on the website, even after purchase), anyhow another estimated delivery 6 weeks.After having delayed dispatch for couple of days, I called their UK number to ask what is going on and I was assured that the company is taking one more extra day, because of the Corona situation to dispatch them, so there is nothing to worry about (simple lie, or avoid admitting not knowing what is going on).Waited couple more days, then I called again in the local country and received no answer, but got a promise to receive an e-mail. Not getting an e-mail, called again. Then I got an answer that I will need to wait 5-6 weeks, because it is custom item(which could have been told on the fist or second call, as well, or in email). Ultimately I am stuck with an order that I cannot cancel (even though they say - "don't worry..", on their website and I asked to be canceled exactly at the first moment I understood the delivery will not take 3-5 days) and not being able to pick it up after 6 weeks. This is my first and last experience with them.

320

Terrible return policy and customer service. They will make it very hard to return your items.They should negotiate better terms with their suppliers. I have had much better experience buying/ returning at Selfridges, Bloomingdales, Nordstrom etc

321

A purely disgraceful and disgusting company who offers zero customer support and satisfaction. I ordered a very expensive item as a gift which still hasn’t been delivered yet they are still charging me after coming to a conclusion that in fact they had delivered it. But where is it? I don’t have it and haven’t received it. The delivery service is trash. Wouldn’t recommend. Rubbish customer service and I now have to pay for a product which cost a lot of money and I haven’t received? Very ridiculous. Shambles of a company. Cancel them.

322

Dear Sir/Madam,I really feel very disappointed and never shop at this website again. I’ve ordered two items and all confirmed by your email.  At the last minutes, I’m being informed that the order is cancelled for one item. I’ve planned all few items as a set to wear in coming wedding ceremony event. Your lack of information and extremely ad hoc news ruin my whole plan. I strongly requested you to waive my $ of ordering and refund totally to me.Best Regards Angry loyal customer

323

You send me the wrong colour of my order and send me made in china not made in italy

324

The dress was second-hand! Used. Really bad service to sell this kind of dress as a high-end designer product. Lots of work and wasted time for everyone.

325

I waited almost 2 weeks for my items and they didn’t come! I paid for express shipping they lost my packages and told me there was nothing they could do! I’m beyond pissed and will NEVER be ordering from this site again!

326

i have order jeans but what i recevied is different from the pictures

327

Don’t buy from this company.  Refused to pay a legit refund because their courier lost a package. They picked up all 3 from my house and then only refunded two, saying that the courier doesn’t remember taking the 3rd. Case closed.  Won’t take responsibility and refusing to release any details of the ‘investigation’ and saying that unless I have surveillance footage that they side with the courier despite it being 100% untrue. Customer service admits that really they know it’s their fault but won’t return the money nonetheless . Total scammers. Outnet is a way better company all around with better products and amazing customer service.

328

I’m really disappointed that I just bought it last month cause the sale of the brand but  don’t think it is marked down almost HK$1000 in this month even I still haven’t used it until  now. Can’t believe the price is so much different just in a month . I think it’s hard to make a customer deciding when is the good time to shop during t he sale period .I think this time is the most unpleasant shopping experience in farfetch since I started to shop a few years ago.

329

I will not use farfetch again. My personal experiences has not been a good one. I bought a bag I had had my eye on for a while from ysl and used fetched as a go between to get the 10% new customer discount. I was  so happy to receive my new bag. I wore the bag once and noticed paint coming away on the intricate woven rattan in a few places revealing light wood through on a fully black bag. The detachable leather shoulder strap was also faulty and the clip broken. I liaised with farfetch to send the bag back 3 days after receiving the bag. Over a month later I have not received a refund but instead been told they are sending me a new bag.  Obviously with these two faults I am concerned this will happen again. Numerous emails back and forth and I feel very disappointed in the service I have received. As someone who buys a lot of luxury fashion I would advise buy directly from the store as when it comes to a faulty product they seem very despondent.

330

The Tory Burch bracelet looks fake to me ! I have a same bracelet . This is the second one I bought for a friend , I can see the difference . Fake ! Fake ! Fake !

331

Awful experience. I order 2 items. Everything cost $1,250. I received second item I ordered within 3 days. Never received my the first item. I was calling farfetch everyday until my package was suppose to arrive and it didn’t. When I spoke to farfetch they said item was delivered and signed I asked them to check my past orders signatures to prove I did not sign and never received the item and they said they’re sorry they can’t help me. I will never shop here again their costumer service is so bad. Timing is awful you don’t receive a $200-$500 item and you won’t get a refund either. So bad. Thennnnnnnnn when I go to look at the link shipping info from FedEx and they didn’t even have my correct address on there. Then I call FedEx and they say only farfetch can fix it ( the address) So at this point I’m going back and forth with a farfetch agent through email about this issue. They tell me they have the correct address and I would receive it and never did because they never changed it for FedEx. Then I complain that I never received it because they failed to put the correct address and they simply said they can’t help me nor give me a refund . I still can’t believe it.  Then they stopped answering all together. Learned my lesson to never buy designer online go in person. Not worth the aggravation. What’s nuts is that it was my first time and I was ecstatic about just going off and feeling safe and secure to use the site because I wanted to spend $1,000,000 on here but they blocked this blessing and I’m grateful.

332

A further update and I still never received my refund until now. farfetch had offered me a refund and now took it back. Saying I need to go to my payment provider. They are running away from the responsibility. This is robbery. I’ll never trust them again with anything. Their generic repsonse to all the reviews is appalling and they are so corrupt. My order had two items only one arrived and I had received the package myself and opened it. Only one out of two items ordered were inside. Farfetch has taken no responsibility to go back to the boutique Rubino kids to understand why it was not sent. They instead have said because I chose the option for no signature on delivery they accept no responsibility for anything. How ever I know what I did and didn’t receive and I’m an honest customer. They don’t care about the fact I have lost $470 and actually never received an item I paid for. Shameful operations and boutiques they choose who should be questioned and not trusted with people’s money.

333

Over priced, poor quality. Not again

334

Bought a pair of espadrilles but they delivered the wrong colour and were directly falling apart after wearing them for a few hours. They refuse to take responsibility and don’t want to return my money or send me a new pair. They say it's the responsibility of their partner but they basically own that company.They are full with nice words and apologies but those words mean nothing. They scam you this way and i will never shop with them again.

335

Such a disappointment! Paid 700€ for a pair of Prada sandals. They are defective and I sent them back and they don’t reply.I am left with no sandals and summer vacation is almost Over for me! They said it might even take 3 months for them to decide how to deal with my case! BADCUSTOMER CARE !At the end, after almost one month, they ended up with the solution of refund which I think they should have done a lot earlier! Summer lasts 3 months. Anyways. I’ll think about purchasing any expensive piece again from this website

336

The trainers soles are dirty. It’s awful!

337

My items got missing and Farfetch didn’t even contact me about anything. Takes long to conduct a investigation and takes mad long to give me back my refund .

338

Wrong item sent ChargedOver $200 for a face mask instead of what I actually ordered

339

Ordered 2 Polo Ralph Lauren tops only to receive an empty box with the damaged sticker on it. My initial enquiry was not investigated at all as to where the missing items are or how an empty box was sent in the first place. The team investigating it took over 15 days to tell me they were able to track that the delivery reached my house (which you'd think they would've figured it out when I messaged about receiving an empty box). Simply thanked me for my understanding that they won't be able to refund me items I paid for but never received.

340

Wrong size was sent! Tried calling & got hung up on!

341

Bought 2 Givenchy items from Farfetch about 3 years ago, a Black Logo Motif Printed cotton T-shirt and Black Distressed Logo Sweater, they came from 2 different boutiques in Europe, Russo Capri Italy and Greece Luisa World respectively. After the first wear of the Givenchy sweater (which was about 6 months after I purchased it because it was Summer when I purchased November in Australia) I noticed it started to fall apart, the threads holding the jumper together were disintegrating, it was 100% a fake, which made me question both items. I took the jumper into the Givenchy boutique in Westfield Centrepoint and confirmed it was a fake. So I contacted Farfetch and they gave me an automated response about items being authentic from boutiques chosen for you etc etc and that they would follow up the boutique, they never did and I never heard from them again even after chasing them up again, I pretty much gave up so they do get away with it a lot. DO NOT shop with Farfetch, it's hit a miss, Farfetch do not check or authenticate items sent and boutiques can pretty much send you what they want as long as they are on the platform, it's pretty much like Facebook Marketplace or Etsy in that sense, BUYERS BEWARE! Stick to direct from the Boutiques or authorised distributors that brands name on their website, such as Net-a-Porter, Saks or Neiman Marcus etc.

342

The first time we ever used them purchased one dress (£2k each) in 3 sizes, returned 2, as witnessed by couriers now FF are refusing to refund one. And won’t accept the 3rd as a return after taking over 4 weeks to try to resolve the situation. These people are not retailers they have no control over their process. Stick to trusted companies. Disgraceful.

343

I need to send back it’s the wrong size I didn’t order extra small I ordered medium I’m so mad

344

Do not buy from UK. DHL send me every single month a debt letter because my product was from Italy. Customer service keep telling me for 5 months they will sort it out, but no result except continued harassment from DHL.

345

Worst shopping online they do have return policy but they don't want to return their products in any cost.See I had return order due to size issue on 02/05/21 till now they don't arrenge for return pickup they mail me that there is restrictions on your area Which is no more now it's reopen Embargo and meanwhile I order again the same product on smaller size on same date 02/06/21 it's diliver to me on 15/06/21 so it clear that they don't want me to return then why this people show the return policy.It should be strictly look by the heigher authority they violate the customer  rights

346

I never received my order they had proof of that and never resent what I ordered

347

I ordered a bag for over 2000 NZD on Farfetch. Received order confirmation but then a few hours later received another email stating my order has been cancelled as they could not complete a security check with my payment provider (I used a standard VISA credit card). HOWEVER, money was still taken out of my account!I have since been in contact with Farfetch customer services. They have been 1) slow to respond, 2) asking me for further information on things I already provided, and 3) completely ignoring my questions such as: confirming whether I will receive a refund!!!Definitely the worst shopping experience I’ve had. Feels like I’ve been scammed out of $2000+. Not at all what you would expect given that they sell high-end products.

348

The item I received was different from description and I have already sent Farfetch an email and still waiting for reply.

349

It’s fake company please don’t buy from here, i bought a shoes, they email back the next day saying it’s not available but there was but more expensive so i called them and asked them why you rejected my payment? They said because it’s not that price so i bought them again with £165 expensive ones and again the next day they rejected and they raised again more £120. Unbelievable fake company,i am so upset

350

Update: After two weeks Farfetch has responded to my post. But I still have not got the refund. If they fail to refund me within stated by them timeframe of 14 days, I am going to go to Small Claims Court.I have ordered a two dsquared2 items from Farfetch in May, a facemask and phone cover. They were coming from two different locations. I received first package with wrong face mask I complained to Farfetch who at first advised me to return the item for a refund (which was pretty incredible) as everyone knows those items should not be allowed to be returned. I have decided to keep the item and settled for receiving the difference in price. At that time I was told I will need to wait up to 10 days for my refund. This seem rather excessive. Trying to check status of my second package, I got in touch with DHL Express that Farfetch use. I was advised DHL could not locate it due to security breach at their Dublin depot. I was told my package was opened and contents were missing. After few days DHL informed me they definitely cannot locate the item.I contacted Farfetch immediately and was told they will investigate this with DHL and that the whole process will take up to 15 days. Please note I was able to get the confirmation myself so I passed it onto Farfetch. This did not change anything, I took Farfetch exactly 16 days to get back to me confirming something I have already told them (and provided proof of over 2 weeks ago). Now I am being told I need to wait for my refund, cause their processing time is up to 14 days. This is absolutely ridiculous. For a company that is dealing with designer goods, the approach to the customer seems to be, we don't really care.When ordering I was not expecting to have issues with both of my orders. I just wanted to get the items I paid for. Farfetch did not wait several weeks to charge my credit card. They did that immediately. But of course refunds always takes ages to complete. Additionally it was not my fault Farfetch choses to use one of the worst delivery companies out there. Still it appears I am supposed to remedy the issue by patiently waiting for them to take ages to resolve simple issue, and I am left with reordering the item, if I still want it after weeks of "investigation" and "refund processing".Think twice about ordering through their app.

351

The swimming suit was blue intead of white.

352

Such a rubbish company it's like you can purchase anything we will dilivered but for return commencing date by date very disappointed. I have an order return and order number is LDM894 which I request for return on 02/05/21 still not collected the return order but again I purchased the same item in smaller size it dilivery to me on 16/06/21 now you see they don't want to be returned they playing hide and seek with the dilivery partner  by pushing me to commencing date by date for pickup the shipment don't know why it is doing like this is the harsh reality of this company

353

I placed an order for fendi slides 2FQV8S. As soon as the order confirmation page came up, I realised that the shoe size was wrong. I immediately called customer service to cancel or change the size, and was told that it was too late to cancel as the item was waiting for the courier to be picked up. Mind you, this is like 5 minutes after I placed the order. The Farfetch site clearly states you can cancel an order, and I believe that cancelling within 5 minutes should be fine.,Farfetch would rather alienate a customer over something as simple as cancelling an order. Now I have to wait to receive the item, send it back and wait for my refund. One would think that in this day of the COVID-19 pandemic when companies are trying to make things easier for customers and clients to patronise them, Farfetch is making it more difficult.I will never use them again.

354

I ordered a pair of shoes, in size UK 11.5, but received a pair in US 11.5.Obviously that's not the same size, so they're too small, and now the correct size is out of stock.Thanks a lot.EDIT:The response from Farfetch claiming their customer service team resolved this issue is false.They didn't solve anything.Considering they sold me an item they didn't have, and didn't do anything to acquire it, my only option was to return the shoes, unless I wanted to keep a pair of sheos that didn't fit. This issue definitely wasn't resolved, and if it was, it definitely wasn't resolved by them.Especially considering how their return service has been the most advanced return I've ever had to go through with.

355

Extremely poor logistics service . Will certainly not order again- I still haven’t received the shipment

356

Farfetch absolutely useless.. offer discounts the site wide but says nowhere you have to spend £150 offer discounts for signing up to newsletter but again says nowhere you have to spend £150...a very dishonest and underhand company and I advise you to stay well clear.!!!!!!

357

I ordered an item with order number D5BD9E, my order required a signature but it was signed and supposedly received by no  one related to me at the premises or the environs (A.Odafe). I raised a case and it wasn’t resolved amicably as farfetch have refused to provide me evidence of it being delivered and jst blatantly refused to give me my sandals or money

358

DHL lost my package, which is of course not farfetchs fault. However, it has now been three weeks since the package has been declared lost, and only farfetch can compensate me. All they have to do is get the information from DHL, where they declare the package lost. I have been on the phone several times with DHL, and they say that farfetch have not contacted them. Farfetch themselves say thay are investigating - what they mean by this, I am not sure, as DHL have already declared the package lost, and taken the blame for it. All they have to do is get this information from DHL. Furthermore is the customer service of farfetch incredibly bad, and when I call they say they can’t do anything, and they can’t even pass me forward to the department who handle these cases. Awful company, and I will never purchase items from there ever again.

359

when i got thw hat it was in a flat jox brim of hat was smashed where i was jot able to wear it very disappointed

360

ordered some trainers 2months ago they didnt come farfetch have done nothing to help, no trainers or refund and says they are not going to give either, was ignored by them when i sent emails. awful company and very bad customer service. Would not recommend

361

I was not pleased with this order. The order took wayyyy to long to be shipped out. I ordered this item since May 27. And can u imagine how annoyed I am that I’m just receiving it June 11th. It’s not right at all.

362

I love the shopping experience, but the bag I received damaged and now they don't have any available. It was extremely disappointing for my fist purchase.

363

Stone Island hoodie came with three grease stains on it around 1cm in diameter each. It is as if someone had been it eating in the hoodie and spilled food on it. Really disappointed.

364

I spent a lot of money and was very disappointed when my order arrived because it was the wrong item

365

Terrible as fk.. shiiiit

366

I did not know you had to be home to sign for package.  I work everyday so I can not be home to sign for a package.  Now it is sitting at FedEx in South Holland which is an hour away from my house.  This is unbelievable.  Worst experience ever.

367

THEY NEVER HAVE DISCOUNTS I CAN NEVER USE MY FRIENDS GIFT BECUASE OUR PURCHASES DO NOT QUALIFY EVER!!AND MY REWARDS NEVER APPLY

368

they gave me size small i ordered size medium for a jacket that costs over 1000 euro ... i said replace it they said they’d refund me and i have to order again... by the next day size medium was already goneI otdered an iphone case... expensive one... i personally telephoned them to ask if it is for iphone 11... they confirmed but the case was for iphone 11 max or plus idk but it didn’t fit as it was not for 11 Then i ordred a bag for my girl... plastic hand bag it broke the first day after we received it... literally the same day DHL gave it to us... the process of replacing the bag was a HARASSMENT... the options they gave me were absurd... i had to wait months to get it sorted I advise spend your money with them with caution they are reseller... they literally send you your stuff and cross fingets nothing goea wrong... if it doea you are screwed... their customer service never returns calls when you ask them... This is not a online boutique its just a cheap reseller... if something goes wrong you on your own and your couple of thousand euros are blown in the wind

369

Pending a refund for 3 weeks. Farfetch are blaming DHL for the slowness of the refund. Several emails and still no refund. The goods arrived quick enough but too small. why cant the refund!

370

I just placed an order online, i bought a GUCCI passport holder, and since i was refered to by a friend I was supposed to get the 10% off for my first order. This did not happen. I used the code and it did not work. No explanation, nothing. I do not understand... They just need us to subscribe to the newsletter? No thanx...

371

I am continuing a review from a few days ago. Long story short Farfetch refused to send me my merchandise, or give me a refund. Well after a lot of complaining and raising hell, they only gave me half of my refund. Do yourselves a favor and shop at Mainline Menswear, Saks off 5th, Etc. They have name brand clothing at a reduced price. FARFETCH WILL RIP YOU OFF. I’m a disabled Veteran that is unable to work, so I don’t have money to just throw away. This company is despicable.

372

Although I’m always satisfied shopping worth Farfetch , this time I got this item and in a matter of 2days it was on sale before I even received it , I think that’s unfair for me especially  that same had started already for VIP clients but this dress was not on sale snd I thought it will not go on sale , but it did in less than 5 days  after my purchase !

373

Dear SirsRe: BPXGCKI ordered size S, but size L was registered- wrongly- in your system and delivered to me yesterday.When I noticed the mistake two days ago, I communicated, by sending two emails first and then over the phone, with Customer Service about it. The call was  answered by a Ms Sara B., who was unhelpful and sounded very discourteous, insolent and impertinent, refusing to put me in touch with a manager as requested a few times. She kept saying she had ‘the same power’ as the management team, and that they would not be able to do anything further to resolve the issue. She finally agreed to ask the management team to communicate with me in 48 hours, following many minutes of my insistent refusal to let the case drop, which was an utter waste of time and caused the long-distance call bill to go higher and higher, I expect my conversation with At present, more than 48 hours later, I have, as yet, to hear from anyone from Farfetch. This is a most unpleasant with the company, and I wonder if it might be the last.Exasperatedly yoursQuintin Wen

374

Payed extra for faster shipping to get for birthday present and they sent the wrong one, I don’t have money to buy another one and wait for refund so now by the time I send it back and wait for refund to order new one it will be way past there bday

375

I ordered a pair of blue Golden Goose shoes for my husband's birthday and not only were they *not* delivered on schedule, they were completely the wrong color (red!). Rather than rectifying the problem, the agent made excuses trying to tell me why this wasn't Farfetch's fault -- when YOU advertised the product on YOUR website, YOU sold it and YOU ultimately caused a massive inconvenience that not only ruined someone's special day, but caused me the huge inconvenience of having to deal with returning the item -- all without being able to replace it and send what I *actually* ordered. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT and likely will NEVER shop with Farfetch ever again. What a horrible experience.

376

BE CAREFUL ORDERING FROM FARFETCH. I purchased 2 items from Farfetch and was told by their customer service that they are not going to send me my packages, nor give me a refund. So basically Farfetch has stolen $200 from me. And since I’m not a millionaire, billionaire, or rich politician I just have to bend over and take it. And people wonder why military veterans are pissed off all the time. No ones honest anymore.

377

They are not customer friendly and make u pay the shipping costs even with a refund. I will never order from farfetch again. They act like a high end marketplace, but from customer service perspective they are terrible. Scammers!As answer to Farfetchs reply:Thank you for your politicly correct answer. Even tho your are not doing anything about my issue. Just confirms the way your customer service works.

378

This can’t be a size 9... literally couldn’t put my foot in them

379

Buyer Beware, just because they have your money, doesn't mean they can guarantee your product.  I ordered a pair of shoes almost a week ago, the following day, customer service reached out to say that there was a flaw in the shoe and offered a discount to the shoe.  This went to an email address that I do not closely monitor, so I missed the communication.  Instead of following up to the initial email, I received an email stating that I was refunded and that the shoe is no longer available to send.  First, how can you send me an email to tell me the shoe is no longer available, when I purchased it over a week ago (this was verified with a correspondence email regarding the shoe). Second, even if I didn't respond in my opinion the best practice would have been to send the shoe with a note of a 15% discount to be processed should I have elected to keep the shoe.  Literally the worst case scenario is I would have sent the shoe back which is an option for the purchase anyhow.  I had my reservations about purchasing a shoe that had an origin of VITAK warehouse in Poland, so clearly I'm disappointed but not surprised.  Customer service was ineffective because they were unable to determine what actually happened to the shoe.  This isn't about the money, I know I'll get it back.  It's the fact that I spent hours to find a shoe that I was really excited about.  I don't know Farfetch, with this impression as a first time customer you may have persuaded me to never shop with you again.

380

I ordered off Farfetch for the first time after other people have told me good things about them. I ordered a pair of shoes and a purse from their website and said I would receive the package in what would have been 2 days. When I got the package the shoes were the only item inside the box. I called customer service and they confirmed that both items should have been inside the box and that an error somehow must have been made. They didn’t know if it was a merchant error or an issue with delivery. They also told me that they were going to reach out to the merchant and should be hearing back in about 1-2 business days. 5 days later I still have yet to hear back. I’ve been calling everyday since the package was “delivered” and have yet to get a resolve. I asked to speak with a supervisor and they told me they were all in “meetings” and would give me a call but again I have yet to hear back. Buyer beware!

381

This is not a described soho large bag but a soho small bag of Michael Kors. It was once false delivered and it was insured, that I will really get a described soho LARGE bag if I place my order again. I have placed it, but I have got the wrong small bag again. If you look for a soho large bag of MC, look better somewhere else.

382

Very Bad and disappointing.I ordered size 8 I received size 9.5

383

Absolutely disgusting company sent me faulty item. Refusing to accept my return. Item is unworn and untouched. Avoid at all costs.

384

The item I received is not what is pictured online, I received a plain white regular t shirt. I feel as though this is false advertisement.

385

Shoes had stitching problems and looked faulty despite paying full priceAlso had missing return invoice and label so i had to go out of my way to pay and get them printedSo out £5 due to incompetence and faulty shoes delivery chargeWould rate 0 if i could

386

I’ve had the most terrible experience with this company and would highly recommend you do not shop here.I ordered a pair of trainers and waited a week for them to arrive and they were coming from Italy I open the box and the trainers had marks on them and were dirty.I called up customer services and let them know upon confirming that I would like a refund and send them back I asked if I could have a new Lurty discount code which are used on the trainers. As this was of no fault of my own the agent agreed and sent me a new code. I then re-trusted the website and placed another order for another item considering I just received something dirty from them.I ordered my jeans they arrived and were too big I then called up customer services and said listen I just want to exchange the jeans they only have one left in the size below can I do that to which (Anna V) The agent said no we don’t do exchanges you would have to place a new order I said well if that’s the case how can I get a new code she said I can’t it’s a part of our terms and conditions. So I’m now waiting to refunds and still not being allowed to just exchange my jeans and if I want them in the correct size I have to pay full price for them and lose out on the bronze loyalty discount I was originally offered. The customer service is atrocious she wouldn’t put me through to anyone else and I hope no one else shops here. The only reason I ordered the jeans on top of these issues is because nowhere else stocks them in any sizes at the moment however I’m very upset I’ve given them my customFurthermore I will not be shopping here again they do not deserve the money

387

The worst customer approach ever. I bought Triple s sneakers, the third pair of mine. The pair purchased on Farfetch was faulty and after a year of occasional usage it broke. I reached them out to have it refunded (similar situation happend to me after mytheresa purchase, everything was done perfectly, shoes were refunded after over a year after date of purchase). What was their answer? A load if crap, they suggested I did and its my fault and propsed that I can repair it myself and they will partially cover (the damage is impossible to be repaired and they kbow it), no option for refund. Dear Farfetch, I know how to use shoes and that the need to be unlaced. That's unbelievable - they are selling luxury goods not cheap stuff which is expected to last for less than a year. Im disappointed - I was loyal customer, but it was my last purchase there. Its better to use mytheresa, believe me. Lost of money and nerves.

388

I definitely received the wrong item. The sleeve length is not the same.

389

Ordered on 13/5/21 until now my item has not been shipped ! When enquired about this only answer is it will be shipped soon, told that I will get the shipping cost refunded but until now nothing on my card found abt the refund, if I could give a 0 star rating I would.

390

You might as well buy the real thing vs these replicas

391

Package took way too long to be delivered and the courier (FedEx) made the experience difficult.

392

Never buy Balmain tshirt. At first it looks nice, fabric feels nice and soft but very very thin. I only wore my shirt 4 times and carefully handwashed. Now I noticed that theres little holes at the back of my shirt!!! For this amount of money you pay for a branded tshirt you'd think the quality will be the best. I was wrong. CRAPPY FABRIC! Waste of money. 👎👎👎👎👎👎

393

The sent me the wrong shoe I want a refun

394

Very short return policy! Ordered 3 bracelets and they claim that I damaged and took off the tags from most expensive one and refuse to return the money!

395

Poor customer service , they made delivery restrictions so fedex was able to deliver only when I was not at home , was at work, and from both ends they could not change anything, it’s stupid because most of the people at work these hours , the lady on the phone said “oh how come you won’t be at home these days”! I think when you work with such a luxury company you expect more flexibility. So my package most likely will be sent back, very disappointed , won’t recommend anymore

396

FARFETCH UK TOOK MONEY FROM MY CREDIT CARD AND REFUSED TO PROVIDE ME WITH A RECEIPT/INVOICE FOR THAT AMOUNT. EMAILED THEM FOR A COPY FOR TAX PURPOSES AND THEY HAVE REFUSED TO SEND

397

Merchant (Michael Meyer Kampden) decided to recall the shipment in the middle of the delivery (so they could sell the product at a higher price) despite having already debited my credit card of the purchase amount. They didnt even bother to tell me or plan to give me any refund. I only found it out myself and had to contact Farfetch customer service via email. They were slow and lacked sincerity. They even had the audacity to say i had to wait til the product to return back to the merchant for me to get my refund back, when it was entirely the merchant's decision to recall the shipment, as i have never ever received it. And then one day after the recall i could see the prodcut back on stock online with a higher price but my refund process hasnt even been initiated and the product was marked as 'delivered' on my account when it was snatched back by the merchant

398

Poor customer service , they made delivery restrictions so fedex was able to deliver only when I was not at home , was at work, and from both ends they could not change anything, it’s stupid because most of the people at work these hours , the lady on the phone said “oh how come you won’t be at home these days”!  I think when you work with such a luxury company you expect more flexibility. So my package most likely will be sent back,  very disappointed , won’t recommend  anymore

399

They own the company browns, I have yet to receive the correct product or my return 8 weeks later. We had to file a fraud report with our bank to try to get our $1500 for a pair of heels that were shipped incorrectly that DHL lost. They don’t respond back from customer service or Instagram . They have a week to issue a credit or we will be filing a lawsuit for damages, interest and etc.

400

The wrong number has been submitted.

401

Beware of Farfetch. I ordered a pair of Yezzy Slides only to receive a fake/replica pair. The slides were obviously a knockoff like you would not believe. Not to mention there was a Stadium Goods tag inside the box. Listen, I can't make this make sense. Why would Farfetch get behind Stadium Goods when everybody and their grandma knows that Stadium Goods is fraud?? I informed the really nice Farfetch representative that they need to do better and cut ties with Stadium Goods. The representative stated "well we are partnered with them and trust that they are shipping out authentic merchandise". At any rate, she e-mailed me a return shipping label after I requested a full refund. You have been warned and I hope this helps!

402

While this is a super cute bathing suit, it is in fact, a bathing suit not a bodysuit.

403

CROOkS DO NOT USE, they are just a handling agent, come middle man you don’t  need. They make out product is in a sale by doubling its price prior to putting it in a sale. Thats illegal.

404

There are 2 items I never received but they said it's already delivery. It's time to say good bye to Farfetch, not recommend to buy things from Farfetch or you will have the same problem to me in the near future.

405

The dress sent was incorrect and was not in the right size.  I very much want to purchase the dress that I ordered and am very disappointed in the service that was sent as well as FarFetch's inability to work to provide the correct merchandise.

406

Fine to receive but if you want to return something its almost impossible. I bought a Fendi ring. It was faulty. We sent photos and Farfetch agreed to collect it. Well 7 collection days and counting and still no one has come to get it. I have had to call every day to arrange a new collection and no one comes.... still not been able to return it...to update after numerous emails we got confirmation we would get a new ring. Today 5th July, 2 months after initial contact we received the same ring we sent off still damaged and no good. This is the worst service I have ever encountered! Honestly DO NOT buy anything through these guys!

407

Sent me the wrong item

408

I ordered and paid for the advertised “Small”sized Falabella Stella McCartney shoulder bag and received the “MINI” crossbody bag. Paid for the larger bag. Sent email, waiting for response, return or compensation.Update: FARFETCH allowed the return and credited me the money. I purchased a replacement with them. Happy with my result.

409

I ordered a pair of Vivian Westwood trainers. When they arrived. I noticed they were faulty. The Farfetch customer service team tried to pass off the fact, the trainers do not match as  a “characteristic” of the design. I would have been better getting a fake pair for a fragment of the price. AVOID

410

Lol hate to agree with the audience but I will never shop with far fetched again. I ordered a cross body off white bag and got the same bag but a shoulder bag instead.. and I don’t wear shoulder bags. When I call they say the boutique never had the strap in stock so I should just return it?? Just ghetto and not worth your time.

411

Bought a Supreme t shirt, it has turned up and is clearly a FAKE .. will never use this site again

412

It was a worst experience. It was delivered after a delay of more than a month. It’s responsibility of Farfetch to get the order cleared from Customs since all the items are inclusive of customs duty. Neither the DHL nor Farfetch gave clarity on why it’s stuck in customs. Finally  I myself  had to get in touch with the customs department directly and get the items cleared from the customs.

413

The item remains @ store for 6 days without shipping, when asking customer service about it they keep saying " it will be ship to you next day " Unprofessional answers and no one explains what happend .

414

Terrible - especially the customer service.

415

If I can leave review without giving one star I would. The customer service here is horrible. They send you like 5 emails of nonsense after you give payment then cancel your orders on you when they are short items. The girls at the 646 area code number are nasty trash and cursed me out never again. Yup never again.

416

Absolutely shocking customer service. Spent £700 in farfetch. One of my items didn’t turn up. They spent a whole month “investigating” coming to a conclusion that it was not there fault. They have absolutely no evidence of packing the item or nothing. Just word of mouth. I am shocked by the lack of empathy. I don’t know how to get my money back but I cannot afford to lose it.“Nataysia” should hold her name in shame.

417

I got completely different cargo. 2 electro devices instead of Prada shoes.

418

The delivery was sooner than expected but I received the wrong item, no the one I order

419

I made an order in Farfetc and I reiceved my item incomplete. I tried many times to contact them with email and they didn't reply. I called 3 times talking with a different employee every time and the matter didn't seem to be solved. I paid for the item and I received the half of it. They are unprofessionals and untrusted.

420

The company does not stand by their customers. My package was lost by DHL, it was a very clear situation, but after almost three weeks of "investigation", I was told that they cannot refund my purchase that I never received.***Their reply to my review is completely meaningless, there was no investigation done neither before, nor after, they just brushed off all the proves that I have not received my package.

421

Low level customer service. Interesting to see that when I reached out to FF customer service it was a real eye opener into what sort of people are operating this business..As a another reviewer stated “a canned response” and with an attitude. I received a patronising response as if I were stupid. Would love to have a face to face with this customer service person ‘Daniela’. I purchased a pair of expensive jeans, when they arrived the pricing label advertised them £157 / $220cheaper than I had paid. Daniela’s canned response tried to waffle about duties and shipping, then attempted to throw in some irrelevant FF terms and conditions to suit her argument, I doubt she has read the Tc’s & C’s.. bottom line is £157 / $220 difference I don’t think so!!!I shall be encouraging my network not to buy from Farfetch and get back out shopping at our favourite boutiques to support bricks and mortar business.DEFINITELY ‘FAR FETCHED’!!!!!Ps. FF replied below so I emailed again as requested and received the same canned response.. UNBELIEVABLE!!!!

422

I am going to contact the Better Business Bureau and the State Attorney General (United States). If there is a CEO and board of directors, I'm contacting them as well. I ordered a blouse from this company, but it was delivered to the wrong address in the wrong state, hundreds of miles away from my residence. I called them to get a refund; they told me that when an item has purportedly been delivered to the wrong address, their process involves an investigation that could take up to two weeks. That's fair. However, the "investigation" should not take days, let alone weeks, when the address that I provided to them is CLEARLY different than the address where the item was delivered. If you look at the responses to the negative comments, FARFETCH provides a "canned" response. They cannot even provide a personalized response, which shows you that they are a shoddy business. Please do not purchase from this company. I should have done my research before purchasing, but since I didn't, I'm sparing you the trouble.Update 3 Jun:I still don't have a refund after 3.5 weeks post investigation...Update 17 Jun:I finally got a refund after emailing the president, board of directors and BBB. Filing with the BBB seemed to do the trick; it took approximately 1.5 weeks from filing date. My suggestion to everyone is that if you feel that you are due a refund, contact your local BBB.

423

Bought my partner a £200 fendi ring for her birthday from here and within 24 hours it had left a green discolouring on her finger, she continued to wear it for about 5 days and it was a consistent problem. DO NOT BUY JEWELLERY FROM HERE

424

Do not buy from this company! I returned an expensive Alexander McQueen dress and they will not credit my account. Said it wasn't in the same condition. It was sent back exactly as I received it! They have just returned the dress to me balled up in a bag as if trash! They will not respond to my emails either.

425

I would give 0 stars if that would be possible. I am waiting for one product to be prepared for shipment more than a week. I contacted customer service multiple times asking what is the problem, nobody could give me any answers or estimated delivery time. I contacted the boutique myself and they informed me that they still wait for shipment documents from Farfetch. Another call to Farfetch and zero solution given. Really please avoid buying from them. If you have to I recommend using a card where you have an option of charge back so you can get your money if they will never deliver your order.

426

I received a gift from a relative and wanted to exchange it. I was told by customer service that there is no "gift service" so my relative will be notified if I want to return it and cannot get store credit on my account either. Very unhelpful for such a well established website. I guess one should never buy gifts through them.

427

I received half open package and the item is missing??? Sending complain to DHL also.

428

The price of this handbag dropped $400 suddenly just right after I have placed order.  I felt frustrated and sent a few emails to your customer service , the final reply was all I can do is cancel order and re order again, however, I will lost my 10% discount and $1200 gold member welcome gift  offer, I am so unhappy about this experience and hope that you can have a better solution for the loyal customers.

429

My daughters ordered ysl card holder for me. It supposed to be a mother’day gift. When they ordered it shows  delivery date edore mothers day. Then they changed the date withoutletting us know . I can not get my gift .My daughters was sad . I called the customer service and they are not helpful. They said if I want it they can refund my money. I wish they let us know it os gonna be late. They sell designer items but customer service is not  good like the other upscale stores.

430

Every time I order from this company, the package comes weeks after the ‘estimated delivery date” It gets stuck with DHL on hold, who then ask farfetch for a passport scan from the customer ?I told  farfetch that the item is now going to be late and ill not be able to have it worn on the day of the party as it will not come on time and their staff still insisted that they would not refund me my shipping costs ? Really? Are you that desperate to lose customers ?   How appalling that a huge company like farfetch do not care about regular customers. My order number is 3ENX6QI advise you all not to buy from them unless it states the product is coming from the UK. Appalling and poor service. Regards,Hassan.

431

Sadly I am writing another poor review. I recently ordered a ring with diamonds from Browns. Farfetch owns Browns and handles shipping for Browns. Farfetch uses DHL for shipping and DHL is horribly backed up in the US Cincinnati hub. I had to make many calls over a week or so to DHL to get the package moving though I reached out to Browns/ Farfetch for help, I received none. When my ring finally arrived, I opened it up to find the same ring with no diamonds! It was clear from the documentation that Farfetch knowingly shipped the wrong ring because the order and the shipping paperwork were different. Very annoyed. I have since returned the ring and I have received a refund.

432

I though I am buying 10 per of socks the label confused me .

433

Color tee received not color presented on website

434

But from them if you want to be stolen from. Bought an expensive skirt off them and returned it. DHL delivered the skirt back to me a few days later. After asking for another returns label and 4 missed collections later I dropped it off at a local collection point. The tracking shows delivered to he destination yet Farfetch refuse to refund. From memory the skirt was well over £200. Taking this up with AMEX now and possibly court to get a refund. Total joke of a company had spent thousands but never using them again.

435

Truly dreadful. My daughter received a faulty Marc Jacob jacket and asked for the jacket to be exchanged. It took 3 months for her to receive a new jacket by that time it was Spring so she no longer needed it. We asked for them to get DHL to pick up as we wanted a full refund and they told us this had been arranged. DHL did not come on the day they had informed us but we had a parcel being delivered by Matches ( with DHL) the next day so we handed the parcel to the driver who said he would scan it. Farfetch are refusing to refund my 21 year old daughter saying they never received the parcel!! Surely if DHL are their nominated courier they should take up the case with them and refund my daughter. Truly terrible customer service. We will never be shopping with Farfetch ever again! My daughter is only 21 and has lost a large amount of money that she had saved up for the jacket. Please think twice before placing an order with them!

436

On March 11, 2021, I was returning a package with a prepaid label from Farfetch, DHL courier service. The parcel still hasn't reached the boutique, most likely it was lost, as the track number hasn't been updated for over a month. I wrote to customer service about it. They promised to help me, but in the end they said that I sent the parcel on their label incorrectly and that they would refund the money only when the boutique receives the parcel back. What was the bottom line? I have no money and no package. I want to open a dispute through PayPal, but Farfetch customer service tells me:“If you open a dispute with Paypal, it may delay the refund from our side, and block your account on the FARFETCH.”I feel cheated, the value of the parcel is 763.75 euros. Thank you Farfetch for the excellent customer service.

437

The worst experience ever, they delayed the order, the sizes were not right I requested exchange they refused to make it and they are not responding to my emails.. HIGHLY NOT RECOMMEND

438

I’ve purchased 2 items in the past week from farfetch. Both were cancelled, and i didn’t receive either item, both of which i wanted very badly. Now i am left with 2 huge pending charges that will last until next week. Avoid using this incompetent company, as they didn’t give a single s*** about my complaints.

439

Ordered YSL Sunset medium bag as a birthday present and it arrived without a Saint Laurent box, just brown Farfetch box and a black dust bag. Looks so fake and cheap! I will never order from Farfetch again! First time purchase and such a fail! Won’t recommend to anyone! God knows how long I will have to wait for a refund now!!! So disappointed, AVOID at all cost!

440

I ordered the YSL Monogram-plaque quilted shoulder bag (which costs £1000). It arrived this week all damaged with signs of heavy use and peeled leather inside! It did not have YSL tag on it but had Farfetch tag. I immediately contacted customer services (within 5 minutes of receipt). They arranged a return for me and told me that they cannot make an exchange for the same bag and if I wanted an undamaged bag I had to reorder this. I placed the order the same day and returned the damaged bag. The next day I received a “new” bag which was again all scratched, with peeled leather and dirty inside! It had a Farfetch tag on it but did not have YSL tag. It came all unprotected, without proper wrapping around the chain with white fur on the dust bag! I have arranged a return again. Now I am £2000 out of pocket and without a bag which I was trying to get in time for my Birthday. It looks like I will also most likely loose the delivery charges I had to pay (£10). Both bags came from YSL on Bond Street London and I can now see that a lot of customers had similar issues with them and complained to Farfetch.It appears that there is no quality control or inspection of goods carried out before these are sent to customers and Farfetch does not take seriously complaints from its customers or responsibility for poor service. This has caused me to loose a lot of money and time (which is the opposite of what should happen when you shop online). I would urge you to shop elsewhere unless you want to end up without money and with damaged/used goods when you paid for new ones.