1

bought a Christmas gift for my boyfriend, I paid over £200 for a pair of shoes and the box arrived damaged :(. a shame as he likes to keep them in the boxes. quick delivery though

2

I was not impressed that during “sale time” the original price of my bag was rrp $897 with 22% taken off.. and the day after the sale finishes the regular price of the bag is now rrp $747. It’s quite obvious what farfetch have done there. Blatant misleading price setting and pushing discount figures that aren’t honest. Will shop around a lot more now rather than relying on the integrity of farfetch and will let my friends know to do the same. Disappointing.

3

I received a birthday promo code stating that I can get 20 off 200, 60 off 400 or 125 off 600 Euro spent and I decided to buy 2 pairs of GGDB sneakers. One of the received products was faulty (the inner sole was to big for the shoe and it was not possible to comfortably walk in them) so I contacted Farfetch and was told to return the item, that I will be refunded half of the delivery costs and that I will get a new promo code to order a new pair of sneakers as they do not offer the exchanges. After weeks of emailing with their customer service and getting several wrong promo codes, offering only 10% off of my new order and after receiving my money back for the faulty item but not the promised half of the postage I can only say that I am more than disappointed in the way they treat their customers. I have bought products off of Farfetch numerous times but this is no way to do business, no matter how big of a discount they offer. Shame on you Farfetch!!

4

The cardholder had several scratches behind . After that realized it’s a non- returnable product. Quite disappointed as my previous purchase with farfetch had been perfect.

5

Customer service is not good, they are quick to reply, but they copy and paste all the text. I ordered boots on their app, they’ve sent me just one! And then when they’ve sent the second one, first it could a long time and then they didn’t get the clearance to do so. So they’ve refunded me the price and said you either repay or return the one boot. I was expecting some incentive for the situation they’ve put me in. No, just a copied email.

6

I'm very disappointed with my ordered package.I spent more than  400€ in a Versace Jeans Couture hoddie and it came in a simple envelope without Versave Jeans Couture own bag.I have others  things of Versace Jeans Couture and all of them came with a dust bag.It seems a fake item of yours....i hope not....very disappointed with the Farfetch package 😓

7

Not enough quality info about sizes and hence this shoe doesn't fit properly

8

Fast delivery was surprised received them a few days after I ordered, but the size seems big which is confusing cause I bough the white pair in the same size and they fit well. Will have to return them.

9

I used to like Farfetch since I dont have to pay taxes back in 2020. However, its even worse when I was charged 10$ for ATM international fee which was expensive; I buy out of state products a lot but Im only charged 2-3$ for the AIF. With the same price, I guess I can buy goods at many retailers in the State.

10

One of the items I ordered was set of two logo boxer briefs and I received regular boxers instead

11

I made I mistake with a size on an item for an order made at 11am. By 1230 I realised the error and tried to contact them to change it. I did not realise farfetch used various fulfilment companies to supply goods and that they do not control the stock or despatch. So despite the fact it is not yet processed, I cannot amend the order (even though they have the size I need) and have to wait for them to arrive and send them back to exchange. It’s a £570 item, if they were already despatched that’s one thing, but not being able to make a phone call to their fulfilment company to sort something so simple is poor service. I won’t consider ordering again.

12

Bought some off white shoes and they look worn and have mud on the. Other than that super fast shipping and the real shoe 👍

13

Hard to the time and who delivered the item . Maybe you guys can update the specific time and who you used for delivery.

14

This is my 2nd time trying to order these shoes on Farfetch. The 1st time my order was canceled and I was refunded after about 10 days, because the pair I ordered had some defect. This time, I got sent the wrong size. I ordered a 12.5 US and received a 12.5 UK, or a men’s size 13 US. Luckily for me these shoes run pretty narrow so I’ll probably keep them. Next time I’ll use ssense or ENDclothing

15

Be aware that there is only a 14 day returns period.  I was a few days over this and they refused to allow me to return some of my items (coming to a total of £600), despite me being a previously loyal customer.

16

Huge let down for the productThe earrings i received are poor quality. It got an obvious flaw on one of them. But i would rate 4 star for the customer service i had when i was trying to initiate the return process.

17

The bag is scratched and has many stains on it!

18

It took out more that 30 days to receive the order . I have placed the order on 2 july and receive the goods on 2 augustThe shoes are nice

19

This is my honest feedback.I just want to share that I ordered a headband from Jennifer Behr and I am sad to receive it only wrapped in tissue in a cardboard box packaging. It does not carry any luxurious or exquisite touch at all.I will note on future orders in case I gift an item directly to someone. Apart from that, delivery was quick by DHL and shopping on the site was hassle free.

20

They have sent me the wrong color of the same style, FARFETCH ID16069596

21

I sent 2/3 emails telling you that I didn’t received my sunglasses yet and nobody answered me what happened. I called one time and you returned the amount of shipping but I want my glasses!!!

22

Ordered trainer, which I received quickly and have no problem with. However, the invoice in the box was over £50 cheaper than the price I paid. Emailed Farfetch customer service, over a month ago to query but have not received any response or explanation about discrepancy.

23

Poor packaging and also impossible to get in to

24

T-shirt arrived with a defect , very noticeable

25

Return process too difficult. DHL pick up inconvenient. Should use Fed ex shipping with no signature.

26

Item has a European plug, but sold on an Australian version of the site. Item itself arrived safely and in good condition, just seems a major oversight in regards to the plug.

27

I received the wrong color outfit. Quick delivery . Unacceptable service. For $200, I should’ve received the correct item.

28

The sunglasses came dirty with marks of foundation on them and with the off white box opened and I bought them as a gift so it was very uncomfortable

29

I was very satisfied with the shipping time; however, the wrong sized item was delivered -TWICE. I give up.

30

You made a mistakeI paid 1 300 euros for the miu miu bag and you sent me a receipt  of 1 066,91 euros ????I don’t understand itMaria Otilia Pereira

31

I've been shopping at Farfetch for over 2 years. I received a pair of Saint Laurent sunglasses that were completely scratched. I had to return and pay for the return also which is completely ridiculous. I'm a Silver member there and I think it's the last time I will shop there. Totally turned off and lost time and money with this company. After all the money I spent there... not impressed. They offered free shipping but I already had 10% off my order and said they wouldn't allow to put the 10% off + the 20$ shipping fee together since it's only one code at a time. To I couldn't even use their free shipping on this order. So cheap!

32

Product took 4 extra days on top of the 5 days it you guys told me it would take to ship. Products box was a little mangled. Shoes were good tho.

33

the actual order process was very easy and shipping was extremely quick however i was sent the incorrect items

34

Very misleading. Ordered for a sweatshirt, a long sleeve t-shirt arrived . Whereas it clearly says sweatshirt on the app. Very disappointing.

35

One of shoes were very dirty.A bit disappointed to get them.

36

I have ordered several things from farfetch, but this was the first time I received something so poorly packaged. Very disappointing that such an expensive item looked like it was literally just thrown in a box. When I have ordered jackets from other sites - they have come protected with a special box and hanger and dust bag. My balmain blazer did not even come with spare buttons! Something that should have been there at the very least.

37

The swimming suit i received is good quality. However, it was not as pictured on farfetch. The one that i ordered was supposed to have wide padded shoulders unlike the one that i received. I initially ordered it because of its padded shoulders that i found really nice. And when you purchase a swimming suit at AED800 you’d expect to receive the item as described online.

38

Farfetch has always been good to me until today when I received 2 left foot shoes in a boxPlease advise your partner boutiques or your checking team to be more detail orientated and thorough before sending shipmentAnother improvement I'd like farfetch to take seriously but they probably wouldn't do anything about is courier pickup selection times. I'm sure i'm not the only person who works 9-5 every week with weekends being the only time i'm free to wait 3 hours for a courier to retrieve the package.Please revise on your courier services to be more convenient, i don't have the time to wait 3 hours plus not know exactly when between 3-6pm the postman is going to come. I had to cancel appointments just to wait around, please let customers choose a specific time for pickup service + weekend times as well. Some people have tight schedules and don't have time to wait for 3 hours without a specific time to expect.

39

I ordered a pair of Gucci Heel Sandals for a special occasion and the state that it was delivered to me in was completely unacceptable, and what I would consider  shocking condition for a luxury brand. Gucci shoes are usually always packaged individually in dust bags - which was far from the case when ordering online through Farfetch. My shoes came wrapped in plastic, the sticky label on the bottom of the shoe had been torn off and when I looked closely, scuff marks were visible on the shoe. It was clear these shoes were a bad-quality return. After reaching out to customer service I did not even receive a follow up on how the complaint had been escalated when I had sent through the images of the shoes. No one should receive shoes in that state, and this is particularly bad due to the luxury brand standards Gucci as a company holds and the lack of upholding these standards on Farfetch’s behalf.

40

I am normally pleased with my purchases from Farfetch.  Unfortunately, my last order was a disappointment.  I purchased a stunning long, Brunello Cucinelli dress with monilli straps.  When I opened the parcel, however, this expensive piece had literally been dumped in the shipping box without a garment bag, tissue, or proper protective cover.  This carelessness falls on the shoulders of the boutique that shipped the dress but, by association, reflects on Farfetch.

41

I ordered a pair of white Valentino wedges and when the arrived they were creme, very disappointed!

42

I shopped on Farfetch for years. Used to be a good site, prices were fair, and they often had promotional discounts. Now they charge twice what other merchants charge for the same product, started collecting tax, and not just from US retailers, and stopped having promotions. So i stopped shopping there. There are many other online retailers far better than Farfetch.

43

You pay very high shipping costs with an order. Unfortunately, they ship with UPS, where there is a very high chance that the package will be lost, as was the case with me. I didn't mind paying high shipping costs because I assumed the service would be commensurate. However, this was not the case. I am still waiting for a lost package.... The customer service is friendly, but as long as they continue to work only with UPS, this was the last time for me.

44

The usual size that I order (XS) was too small. The size suggestion in the website was unfortunately wrong

45

I got the wrong item and now I have to return it! More work..

46

Farfetch used to be one of my favourite go-to online retailers. But as they no longer bothering to reply when when incorrect sizes/ incorrect items are received, then the project is failing. My recent two orders resulted in a) a different item being received, then b) an incorrect size/ incorrect item being received. I feel that their project is failing.

47

This was my first time ordering from farfetch and it’s definitely going to be my last. I order a pair of comme des garcona plag converse for my birthday and it was stolen. I got the email saying how my package was delivered and left at my door cool, got home and my package wasn’t even at my door . Contacted Ups and they told me to contact far fetch but they will contact the driver and see what happened.  When I called far fetch they told me to wait till the next day I waited for the next day still no package. Call far fetch back and Explain what happened and they said how they would contact ups to see where’s my package. As I kept in contact with far fetch customer service I asked if they were able to send me a replacement they said they don’t send replacement but they can try to refund me my money . Got a email from them saying that they are unable to refund me my money because my package was delivered to the address that was provided. I wouldn’t be going through all of this if I had my package and I would’ve wrote a good review for the fast shipping. This is also my first time writing a bad review for a company. Like I told the customer service representative in the email I would never order from this company ever again.

48

Received shirt and was not the color I ordered

49

Since Farfetch offers great deals on many luxury pieces, I was inevitably intrigued to make a purchase. I ordered a bag which was described as new with tags. Upon receiving my product, I noticed that Farfetch sends products directly from boutiques around the world, a sweet approach in helping small businesses make sales. The bag was as described apart from the fact that the stickers that are usually on the metal tips of the bag were removed therefore had moderate scratches on them. Secondly the packaging of the item was appalling. The beautiful leather bag was wrapped in a piece of flimsy tissue paper and thrown in a brown box taped with the Farfetch logo. There was no protection at all, due to the bag tumbling and tossing in the card board box this may have been the reasoning behind the scratches on the bag. As I did not want to cause myself stress with returning the product, I have kept it and hope to make a use out of it. Farfetch please make it a protocol for the small businesses to use adequate packaging when sending out a product. After all these are luxury items and customers need to be provided with the luxury experience.

50

I talked to a representative on the phone and tried to get a good understanding on how the sizes run. She told me another size was gonna run a bit bigger when al along I needed the bigger size. They don’t run true to size, you have to buy them a size and a half up from your regular size

51

Bought a pair of prada boots and they came looking used, the boots were scratched in places and had creases as though it was one pair that was out on display. The packaging again looked used, and it came with no authenticity card or anythingI never write reviews but I’m so disappointed

52

I ordered sneakers in size 38IT and when I opened the box, there were sneakers in size 40IT. I know this stuff can happen, the worst is that one of the sneakers is dirty! For a sneakers that costs 650 euro, I am really disappointed.

53

Very disappointed that the shoes are gold and not silver, otherwise they would have been perfect.

54

Package arrived on time but the box was damaged and that can be upsetting. The measurements on the purse say 7 in in length buts it’s definitely smaller. overall an okay purchase.

55

I received a faulty item through Far Fetch (came from YSL Old Bond Street). I reported the item to Far Fetch and they told me to return the item and re-order it again.I reordered the item again online and I was literally sent the same faulty bag again for the second time. I understand that the bag was coming from the YSL store but it's still not good enough. This has wasted so much of my time ordering, arranging return couriers, waiting for the $ to be transferred back into my account etc.  I am very hesitant to use Farfetch again, it's just not worth it if they can't control the quality of the items that are sent from stores. Especially after I reported a faulty item and it obviously was just sent back to me.NB: I give this 2 stars and not 1 because their customer service line has been responsive at least

56

Disappointing. Ordered a dress. The wrong item came. I called them to see if they could arrange a swap. The customer service rep found that there seemed to be 2 items with similar names (and prices) I ordered a long silky dress, what came was a short leopard print dress. But we cross referenced item numbers and I was assured by that customer service representative that it was just an error and if I ordered again, the right item would get here in time for my birthday (where I live we can now go out to dinner in small groups - so I was excited to wear something pretty). So I ordered again. I was impressed when I even got a WhatsApp message saying they had followed up with the store to make sure the right item was sent this time. That turned out to be nonsense because, you guessed it, I received the wrong item again. I think the intentions of the customer service representatives are good. The actual help they can offer or control is absolutely minimum and sadly rather pointless. Little bit gutted to not be having a lovely new frock to wear next weekend.

57

Description doesn’t match actual product.Regular fit in description but when product arrived it was a slim fit..As this is my first time purchasing , I am quite impressed with the packing . Included for each shirt was a dust bag.

58

delivery did not meet the expectations i raise when ordering from farfetch

59

Shipping was handled so poorly that I had to have an item refunded.  It was in customs for weeks and I had multiple several hour calls to try to get the item through customs. Later I found out that both items I purchased were marked up by about 100%

60

I never write reviews however I am shocked how a luxury retailer cannot post accurate images of what they are selling and not reply to any emails. I bought a pair of expensive trainers and when they arrived they were not what I was expecting, as the colour was wrong. This is no error or mine and they were  misrepresented visually online and the image showed the colour I actually wanted !  No one at Farfetch seems to care as I have not had a respond to one email ! They clearly do not check the item against the images on there website which is awful for a retailer selling luxury items, from reading reviews I have seen this has happened to other people as well. When I sent them a message on Twitter they said someone would email me but no one has responded!There retina service seemed to me, easy and free which I think is very good but  I am now very concerned about getting a refund as a lot of customers have said Farfetch have made it difficult to get there money back. These were a present and it is a lot of money, for a retailer selling premium items they should have good customer service and an accurate website with images that actually are the product they are selling !

61

Package arrived open no dust bag and no padding or stuffing to protect the item.

62

Having problems getting a refund despite the item having been misrepresented visually and discriptively online. Not enough care is given in this regard, they clearly do not check the item against the visuals provided by the manufacturers. They just put the visuals on their website without checking that they are accurate. Then when evidence is provided and the item cost in excess of £3000, they do not refund.The item was a present but we went over the 14 day regund time as my husband didn't give me the present within that time and I hadn't been able to check it and see the difference.This goes against the consumer rights act 2015. Very difficult to speak to someone in person, so you just get 'the computer says no' automatated response, even after a well put and personal, heart felt email.This online purchasing at it's worse.

63

One of ring was already broke. I need to return it

64

This is a review for Farfetch customer service, not the products themselves. The customer service was truly terrible. I called three times to initiate a return. Each time they gave me different information about the paperwork needed to return an item-each different from each other and also different again from the info on the return email they sent. What was worse is all three sources of info were incorrect and the DHL driver had to guide me as to what was actually needed. They were unapologetic and unaccountable for their incorrect information which risked me getting the item returned in their 14 day window and risked me getting a refund for the returned item. Although the items are beautiful I will not be ordering from Farfetch again.

65

I recently bought a very expensive pair of brand new designers boot, but to my disappointment it came without its original box and packaging.

66

Ordered a Prada Saffiano bag, bag arrive fine but there were marks over the strap. Asked what could be done, customer service took a while to respond and said I could return for a full refund (which I didn't want as the bag itself was fine - only the strap had defects) - due to the item being sold out at the time of arrival I asked for a partial small refund to compensate for the condition of the strap and they said no. Then ignored my responseWont purchase from them again

67

Fast efficient deliveryBUT product description was completely incorrect. Birkenstocks was falsely advertised as 100% leather; when in fact all vegan - as tag indicates as such birko flor.  I am very familiar with Birkenstocks and have over 10 pairs. Too much trouble to return in time of covid but will not buy this brand again here.

68

I tried to use their puck up service today. I scheduled pick up between 4 pm- 9 pm. The company shows up at my house at 2 pm when I wasn't home. I had no idea and stayed home after 4 pm waiting for them to come. Complete waste of my time and money. So angry right now!!! I had an important meeting I was to attend but didn't go. And now my time is wasted. What's the point of scheduling a time for puck up if they aren't going to listen!!

69

It is my second time to shop on Farfetch. For the first time, everything is fine. However, I was so disappointed on the second time shopping. The main problem is on the palm Angels. I'm not sure if FARFETCH sell sencond hand or used products to customers. Weirdly the condition of the clothing that I received was really bad. Thereare too much female hair inside of the clothes. Also there is a lipstick imprint on the neckline. What's more, the clothes has a gust of strong perfume. To be honest, I do not care if someone tried or wear this clothes before. All I want is the clothes should be cleaned before it has been sent to the customer. The reason of the 2 star common is the materials of the clothes is still perfect and all the females' hair and lipsticks imprint can be removed after washing. We all know that COVID-19 had infected our daily life. Also, It is a hard time for many companies. Therefore, some mistakes may happen or ignore. Even if it is my second time to shop on the FARFETCH, I am still a fan of it. I hope this common can be useful.

70

This is my first disappointing experience with this company. I ordered shoes that I really wanted, they advertised them as the last pair. Few days later, I received an email saying that the item is sold out, which I understand, but it made me a bit  disappointed. What really annoyed me was that they still had them in the online store, still the same size, still advertised an the last pair. Now I have to wait for a refund, and maybe someone else will get into the same situation, since the shoes are still “available” in their store.

71

Second time I order from Farfetch, second time I have a massive delay. I have been waiting for almost four weeks for a package ordered to Ireland. You have blamed this on Brexit issues (even though I placed my order over a week before Brexit).When I purchased a pair of trainers off of Mr Porter the day after, they were able to deliver to Ireland next day.I will be shopping with Mr Porter in future. 4 weeks for an order is totally ridiculous.You should warn customers on your website if you cannot deliver in a reasonable timeframe so that they can make up their mind if they want to purchase from you or not.

72

This shipment took a very long time to receive.

73

You all probably know the story by now. Today is December 31st. Order placed December 20th. No tracker updates provided. Phoned twice and to be fair, they politely told me about the delays. Thank the lord my PayPal refund is through in a few days, now that they've emailed me to say the item's out of stock (I wonder if a call to my credit card provider had anything to do with it?!). I found the staff to be as friendly as they could be given what they possibly cannot or are not authorized to do, hence the 2 stars, but this all reeks of a company on its knees guys. If that's genuinely because of COVID then I guess it's just sad times...BUT - here's the 3 killer alarm bells they told me on the phone -1. "As far as I know" the item is in stock2. Despite being within the 14 day cancellation period, the supplier will apparently not let me cancel. Why? (I didnt bother asking why)3. We don't charge your card until processing is finished. Really buddy?... I just told you that it had been charged already.Here's one for their leader/big man/the boss/whatever he likes to be called - always remember that the art of good business is being a good middle man. Bye-bye!

74

Horrible experience with Farfetch. Been making several purchases through them from the past. Unfortunately this time round my latest purchased for Dolce Gabbana iPhone case which transacted on 15 Dec not fulfilled as stated within delivery timeline from 17 to 22 Dec. No follow up whatsoever from the team after sending so many emails. Will stop purchasing from them in near future. Not a trustworthy company.

75

I have been trying to return an item worth £300 for 6 weeks now, not once have they contacted me to update me it’s always me ringing them. I lost out of giving this as a gift like I’d planned, their birthday is long gone and I’m still stuck with an unwanted item!!! Sort yourselves out Farfetch

76

The website is great, but I am unable to return the item because the carrier service is not available during the 14 day return period. I would appreciate if in the future the return period is prolonged by the number of days the carrier service is not available, or another carrier company provides return serviceAlso when I needed to exchange the item a one size smaller, but currently, I have to return one item and order the new one, which is pretty much a fuss. As a customer I would be ready to pay for the additional service when somebody does all these actions for me to get the item exchange

77

Very disappointing  experience. Ordered a shirt because I loved the colour. The shirt I received was a completely different colour and was clearly labelled as such. Communication from customer service was poor in that it took almost 3 days to get a response and when I did, there was no acknowledgement that a mistake had been made and no offer to remedy the situation beyond returning  the item for refund.

78

Very disappointed. I order a LVIR coat for Christmas but received a LOW CLASSIC dress after a week of wait. The packaging is very disappointing - there were no protection inside the box, just the item and a few pieces of paper. This is not the standard that I would expect based on my past experience with Farfetch. Delivery is slower and the attention to order preparation are not as good as before..

79

The quality is good but the colour is not off white but grey... I don’t know what to do...

80

Hi, I am surprised for this high end and high quality product doesn’t have proper packing like hanger and garment bag when sending it to customer. It was only wrapped with very thin (one layer and was gathered by a few to make a larger to cover the leather jacket but no tape or anything to avoid it got loose or move. It is very easy to get it scratched. I think you may want to relate this comment to the merchant and the packing team. Thanks.

81

The bag i ordered seems that it was the one in the show, its look not very new, it’s even not packaged well. any way I loved the design.

82

Terrible packaging! Received silk dress in a soft pouch without any waterproof/box protection, dress is full of fold lines and looks like a second-hand product.

83

PackagingI am happy that the package came quickly (3 or 4 days after ordering) however, the packaging was a bit disappointing. Paying a few hundred dolar in a Chloe bag and then receiving the package just in a dust bag? I was expecting a box from chloe.

84

The color did not match the item received. Pink color was brighter online and it’s muted in reality.

85

The Size details was not sufficient - I needed 1 size smaller

86

It was bad bad bad. About the item it was great I loved it but it was delivered more than a month later!!! However the person that contacted me from costumer care was great and lovely so I’d rate it poor.

87

Choosing DHL for delivery, as always a bad idea, delivery notification 5 minutes before delivery, package brocken and opened.... Invoice missing. Not the best service one would expect for a quite expensive merchandise... Lucky I got the beautiful boots though!

88

Ordered a bracelet, that broke after 2 weeks. They were nice and I wanted to return it and get my money back, but I had no choice, they would only repair it. SO I agreed to send it back for repair, and that took over 3 and a half months, for it to arrive here.They did tho send with express for free when it was done.

89

After 2 hours wear, a £200 cashmere jumper showed holes in BOTH armpits; Farfetch are telling me this is wear and tear!!I have requested a callback on this matter today on order HTYKTU.I will expect nothing less than a refund on the 'new' item.

90

A very flimsy backpack cheaply constructed. Carries two big brand names-Supreme and North Face-but the bag doesn’t live up at all to the reputations of the two. Terribly disappointed.

91

Normally love Matches fashion, but sadly whoever packed them sent me a 12 UK when my order says clearly 11 UK. I love their stuff normally, but these shoes I will need to return and as I needed them for an event in a few days it’s a bit annoying.

92

I bought an expensive pair of shoes/mocassins (Visvims) and they came both a different colour. I have contacted them and they haven't replied yet with a solution or an explanation.

93

I was supposed to use the referral code but it doesn't work. Tried twice but there was error message shown in the website.

94

The box was crooked and one of the shoelaces were stained, looks like the shoes were either on display or were returned by another customer that ruin the shoes. Also the zip tie tag was pulled all the way to the end and can't be reversed

95

I have been a long time shopper with Farfetch and I have had good experiences shopping at their website. Their prices are generally very good and the website offers a wide selection of established and emerging designer product. I have never had a bad experience purchasing or returning an item from them. However, their customer service is horrible. Last year I shopped so much on their website that I reached platinum status. However, it was never awarded to me. I have had many conversations with them over the phone and by email where they promise they will fix it and nothing happens. So, I have rewarded them for their loyalty towards me by shopping very little on their website. Never forget your dollar matters.

96

The website alone is amazing. But they cancelled my payment 3 - 4 times and i had to use a whole different card. When all they had to tell me they don’t accept that specific bank card.

97

Just received my order today, not quite happy with the quality of the bag, it looks like second hand, I m confused is It brand new or not? the gift wrapping was so nice but the handbag is not as good as what we expected, the past experience from Farfetch was really good.

98

The packaging was really beat up and no effort was made to make it look like a gift of that value.

99

I ordered a men’s Comme des garçons play T-shirt and I received the top but it’s women’s. The returns policy is hard as you have to email for a certain label, I think This is disgusting as I paid £15 for delivery. I would like a refund then I will order the top again in a men’s Large. I got sent the top with a Women's code •AZT087051But I should of had Men‘s top with the code •AZT088051

100

I ordered two bracelets for my wife through Farfetch, one arrived from a UK retailer completely fine within a week, the second from a retailer in Italy arrived after 2 weeks and once I unpacked it, the packet was open and bracelet was missing.I went through several emails with Farfetch who ultimately wouldn’t take any responsibility and tried to blame the parcel delivery company despite the fact that the parcel was completely intact on arrival and wrapped in farfetch branded tape with no sign of tampering post being packed by the retailer. They said they checked with the supplier in Italy who said they shipped it, which of course they would, and that’s as far as their support goes and asked me to deal with the parcel company myself, who of course also denied responsibility meaning I ultimately lose out.If you are selling designer products at high prices then you should guarantee safe delivery of those items, these things cost a lot of money for the average person. It’s a shame because they have some great products on their site but I won’t purchase through them again as I have lost full trust in their delivery service and ability to rectify it and look after their clients

101

Very fast shipping but unfortunately received wrong item

102

Returned shoes that were too large - didn’t hear back after a month so had to contact customer service. It’s now been two months and I still don’t have my money back. If you want to return an item, wouldn’t buy from here - international company and returns need to go through customs.

103

Everything was great except one thing.....I got the wrong t shirt, my guess was that the person packing the shirt in the store looked at just one picture and that is the front side of shirt that is the same as the one that i received. Now i am not sure what to do.

104

I was so disappointed which never get my money back as they already received my return item. Firstly, they sent me the wrong item then I returned back to them straight away.  When they’ve received the item and said will refund the money to your original account in couple days. After ten days, they said they’ve reached out the partner as the refund has not been issued yet.I’m the silver member, ordered 3 times without any issues. The 4th times is horrible.

105

My shippings are being delayed thats why I give 2 stars I’m still waiting for other sneakers

106

Being a loyal customer should go a long way with these companies.  Took forever to ship my item one, finally received the item and they sent the the wrong style. Order received June 3rd and returned June 4th.  I’ve yet to get my money back. Just a dry response after 3-5 emails asking for an update.  I was told they have the item but refund will not be issued until it’s compliant with the company who sent out the order.  Needless to say I will not be doing business here again

107

I bought a mini Johnny but it turns out a xs Johnny. The shipping takes longer than I expected.

108

The item was not as described. Says 18k, and actually stamped 585 which is 14k! Other stamps may indicate not pure. Really bad, considered false advertising. I almost think I need to get tested for 14k.  Not what I expected for a company selling high end jewelry.

109

It was my first time buying on this site i was alittle worry because of the bad reviews but there was also some good reviews... so i took my chance because this Givenchy polo shirt was hard to find and i really wanted to get it on time for our anniversary... the good news is it arrived on time but the bad news is the polo shirt was dirty! the collar was so dirty looks like someone wore it or something it was black all around the collar almost feels like it was fake or something.. 😔😔 not sure if i want to buy stuff on here again.

110

Can someone advise. I have purchased a pair of Prada sandals but it hasn’t come with a care card which all of my bags and shoes have come with which I have purchased direct from the designers company’s. Thank you

111

I ordered a bag with silver chain and I received a bag with a gold chain.

112

Packaging lovely but everything else disappointing. Late delivery (understand given situation) but no indication of delays on website or confirmation email just a delivery date that was exceeded by a week. Customer service provided a tracking number that didn’t work for 4 days. Returns policy inflexible and stuck at 14 days with the excuse that is the partners preference yet had I shopped direct partner has extended to 60 days. Learnt my lesson and will shop direct in the future

113

The items was not as good that I saw on your website

114

I received my order CAK8SH. However the shoe is defective and has incomplete finish. Could you please help to have the same replaced?The incomplete finish is at the very front of the shoes. While the product image on Farfetch clearly indicates that it’s a smooth finish, the shoe I received has uneven black patches under the Transparent  diamond shape. Please allow me to share pics for you to know more.I really waited very Long for Farfetch to list this product and bought it the moment it was listed. However I am very disappointed to have received a defective product when I had spend a premium for the shoe.I request a replacement. This is my first Jimmy Choo and Farfetch purchase and I sincerely hope you would not disappoint me.Awaiting your earliest reply.

115

I ordered items before from Farfetch with no problems using the same email address and also same delivery and billing address as of recently they keep canceling my order saying that can’t verify my billing. How is that possible when I ordered something before and received no hassle and now all of sudden you can’t verify billing and customer service is a joke they don’t help all they say is place a new order when I’m still waiting for my full refund from the order they canceled. They  make no sense whatsoever   ....I’m done with Farfetch they are a joke and ridiculous order at your own risk .

116

Terrible customer service. Two different items from the same order arrived in about two weeks gap. The latter was the one that was sent first and from a nearer country.Terrible customer service. All they do is copy paste robotic prewritten messages one after the other that are probably sent to every single customer without changing a single word.Lied about the package stuck in custom for the reason it was delayed about 10 days after it was released from there

117

Every time I receive orders of pairs of shoes, sizes are different from the size chart given online. So I ended up getting either too small or too big of a size. I love the product but the the sizing chart is wrong compare to the actual sizes. Need to update size chart as a guide. Thanks!

118

The burberry trench coat I bought was full of smoking smell

119

The order arrived quickly but it was wrong item! Very disappointed

120

I didn't receive a dustbag with my sneakers.

121

The returns process was a nightmare! I booked a return, DHL arrived, collected the parcel and the next day delivered it back to me! So I rebooked another return time slot and DHL never showed up! I finally had to go to a drop off point to personally deliver the parcel on my way to the airport as I was travelling back home to my family and wasn't sure when I'b be returning! What bothered me most was that the man helping me at your customer service contact wasn't taking any accountability and wasn't interested in finding the feasible solution for me.

122

I live in New caledonia, a french island and I pay in $us... it s not normal...!!!In another Shop online, we pay in euro ...

123

i have placed an order then i’ve waited 4 days just for them reviewing my items after that they asked a picture of my passport and credit for security and i provide them what they want later on they canceled my order after 4 days of reviewing my order they replied to me that my credit card of the picture i send it doesn’t match how it doesn’t match and i payed through this credit card i can’t believe it

124

It started off well. Even to the point where customer service was replying efficiently when the original box was missing from the item! Now that I’m trying to return the item, I’ve not heard back from customer service in 4 days! 3 emails and no reply to confirm if the item is on the way to the boutique. I’m truly disappointed by this since my previous experiences with FF have been positive.

125

I shopped with them forever and am a "Platinum" customer. They started an investigation into a $1K item i said i returned but they hadn't received - okay. That was Jan 17. They said 10 days. In the meantime i looked it up on the UPS site and UPS said "our bad, we lost it" and issued a refund to Farfetch. But Farfetch still says 10 days... today they said 15 days! They also keep changing the start date of the investigation. They said the 17th, then the 22nd (UPS says the 22nd). Then the 24th. Today they said the 25th. They had said it could take up to 10 days but they would expedite bc of my Platinum status,,, today they say 15 days. I don't think I'll every see my money. Have started the Better Business Bureau process but it will be a long haul...

126

For any reason Farfetch decided to remove the size reference from model in the pictures  making extremely difficult to choose the right size. For this reason I returned my last 2 purchases and really hesitating to purchase any additional item without having the model sizing.

127

I have bought numerous items from Farfetch and never had a problem with delivery. I purchased a $1,500 coat and they sent it to the wrong address (west 71 rather than East 71) so it was not delivered the 24th. I was told by DHL it would definitely be here the 26th. I informed Farfetch of the problem on the 24th. I did not get it the 26th or the 27th and all I received from Farfetch was an email saying they would get back to me in 2 days!!!!! Do not buy from Farfetch if you need something delivered in a reasonable time or if you want attentive Customer Service. There are numerous online high quality internet sites with great customer service and quality products.

128

Everything is about 20% more expensive than anywhere else, and they're not even able to provide a decent customer care or refund shipping when an item is returned

129

Shocking Customer Service. , Ordered A Gucci belt yet they said they cang Cancel The order under the (CCRs) Act Anyone Can Legally Cancel or refund Items! ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED.

130

Normally I will receive the bag or shoes in nicest box from Farfetch, but my Furla bag came only with black arfetch dust bag without any furla box.I feel that I'm buying a second hand bag instead of brand new bag, especially this is a gift for birthday.

131

I’m normally quite happy with my shopping at Farfetch but this time the purse that I bought arrived with a scratch mark on the front center and I can’t erase it :(

132

DHL is always good. However, they have a bad customer service, bad attitude, never solve a problem for customer, call is useless. And orders from UK is super slow process. Don’t buy items from UK retailers.

133

I just received my Ray Ban sunglasses. It was nicely and neatly packaged. However, I noticed the edge of the left lens had a small scratch on on. The scratch is visible to the naked eye. I love this purchase and it doesn't affect my vision when I wear it. But, it's still not flawless, which it's supposed to be! I've shopped online at Farfetch over the last 5-6 years and I've never had any issue with my purchases. I've always been pleased with all my purchases - I trust Farfetch. Unfortunately, I'm disappointed with the Farfetch and their Italian partner, Sons Of Anarchy S.R.L. (Brescia, Italy) for selling and shipping out a defective/ flawed pair of Ray Ban sunglasses for purchase. I probably won't buy anything from this Farfetch partner anymore. The issue of 'trust' and 'confidence' are such an important factors when it comes to deciding on a purchase, especially an online purchase. My overall confidence in shopping online at Farfetch is now a little shaken. I do hope Farfetch will find this feedback useful and work with their many partners to improve their customer's shopping  experience and find a way to restore my confidence in shopping here.

134

Hey FarfetchI always give you the five-star reviews but I have to change my view so far. I’m biding for my refund given for my cancelled order but until now I don’t get any refund back. I frequently contacted you for this issue, and what you did is that I have to be patient then ignore me!? Why you act like it’s out of your business?!! So contact me by email ASAP! Or do me a favor here!!

135

Tried using this site with a promo code for 10% off. Purchased an item only found on their site. They canceled my order for reasons that were suspicious and vague. When I contacted them they told me I was refunded and I could re-purchase the item. They ignored me when I asked them to honor the original price. Now the promo code doesn't work - and they also raised the price on the good, a whole $90 difference. Basically a shady online practice - lower the price of a monopolized good, offer a 1st time purchase promo deal - cancel the transaction and raise the price of the good - just to steal someones personal information. Will never shop here again and I recommend others do the same.

136

The size guide is wrong in the website. It shows 10US = 43 Italy which is my size but unfortunately the shoes are 44 which is big. I paid for the shipping already if I return them I won’t get 24$ back when it’s the website problem.

137

I bought a Stella McCartney item on-line and the experience was as expected.  However, had I known Farfetch use UPS for delivery I would never have ordered through them.  As usual, UPS have destroyed the customer experience by claiming no one was home to take the parcel and e-mailed me a pick-up point miles away.   Won’t be buying from Farfetch again until they change their delivery supplier.

138

Before numerous buys, it’s quite good. Recently, I bought a bag, which was poor quality, like a second hand, dirty & poor quality. You couldn’t imagine it’s the bag I newly bought.  Very disappointed.

139

The delivery is superbly fast and efficient. More about the packaging - i ordered a Marcelo Burlon ring and it came in a plastic bag and the cloth bag which held the ring was really dirty. Was hoping that the packaging would be better as this was intended as a gift but I think I would have to return this..

140

I have bought from Farfetch for around 4 years, they offer a very good range of clothes and accessories but if you ever have a problem with something they don’t want to know. On 2 occasions now I have bought an expensive item that has only lasted for 2 or 3 months and Farfetch have absolutely no interest in doing anything about it. At least  with a shop you can take a faulty item back to the store to complain and get a replacement item or refund. Farfetch just ignore you until you go away, as a result I won’t buy from them again.

141

Bought a pair of Alexander McQueen trainners and 6/7 months later the McQueen has rubbed off and Farfetch have not been helpful at all!!!!

142

The sizes of the items were not demonstrated clearly. The status of my order was on shipping even though I received it which made it hard to return the items that I bought. I shipped my items back and still no refund.

143

unfortunately, half of my order was cancelled by one french boutique due to ordered items were sold (all 3 items!!! seriously?).  and this is the second time within two recent orders. actulaly it means i can't rely on FF' partners :( As I see some of desired sold items are available again but from other boutiques. And not at JX30 promo :(

144

The hat was nice , new but the box is rip on one side. Was not happy with this purchased

145

I have ordered a beautiful bag and it was delivered today in the wrong color.Bag I received is also cheaper then I originally ordered. After reading the reviews below I am even hesitate to return it. I have contacted Farfetch and awaiting a reply.

146

There seems to be some discrepancy in prices:My wife was placing an order and I checked online for a specific shoe which was priced at £110 as it was on special offer. My wife went ahead and bought it and when i received the receipt she had payed £160 for the exact same shoe.I am not sure i trust this site.

147

There's no fault in the products but otherwise the service from Farfetch left a lot of room for improvement.The shipping options are limited and at least with UPS you're forced to receive the package to your home address during work hours and no changes to delivery are allowed. Hence, I was forced to retrieve the package from a great distance from UPS Customer Center as both UPS and Farfetch were incapable of redirecting the package to my work address or collection point.

148

Have just got off the phone to some way arrogant American twanged ‘customer service’ (yes, read those two words carefully!) agent. I wanted to know why I was being charged for express delivery, with no other option, for my item. It is Easter weekend so surely I would not receive ‘express delivery’ on my purchase? The agent was rude, purposely condescending as he explained that the postage service company name they use is ‘’Express Delivery’ ? Huh? Yeah, the company they use are apparently called ‘Express Delivery’. Now forgive me, but I’m not tired nor confused and nor am I being pedantic but, is this not VERY misleading? He didn’t get my point, just became even more condescending actually spelling out the words that the company name is e. X. P. R. E. S. S....so on and so on, then went on to spell out u. P. S. And then asked if I understood his example! I don’t know how these people retain their employment! I was so disgusted I ended the call. Definitely will never use Farfetch again. Once my order is received in however many days it now takes for express delivery, I will be binning my account. Absolutely disgusted.

149

Bought a Dolce & Gabbana scarf 6 April.  All went through, payment deducted from Paypal. 9 April received a "sorry your item out of stock" email and refund with goodwill 10 pound credit to account - frustrating, was looking forward to my purchase!  Few days later same scarf was back on website - higher price - weird, but hey, I had the voucher so same price for me.  Ordered 13 April.  4 days later, same "sorry your item is out of stock" email and same process.  A lot of messing around for no result - very unsatisfactory customer experience.  Unlikely to shop again.

150

I havr bought a nomerous shoes,bags, clothes . I mean a LOT.I got an email that I became aPrivat Client I got 5000swedish krones minus for my next purchase.I was very happy, woow what a generous company I thought. Well, when I wanted to use my welcome code ( 5000kr off) the Farfetch costumer service replied that my code is already expired( it does after 30 days( there is no information about it ANYWHERE on their side. And: to get  5000 minus for my purchase I supposed to spend 20000kr. There is no information about it either. So Iam very very dissapointed. Such a freud.

151

I was concerned after reading reviews as I had placed an order already but actually received a really good service&spoke on telephone also-all good, fast delivery, fast return& refund.....HOWEVER.....I was a little suspicious of the authenticity of the product that I received & after buying the product elsewhere afterwards I know that the product I got from Farfetch was definitely a FAKE!!!!I would not normally review companies but I feel very strongly that when we are spending our hard earned money we should be buying the product advertised as an authentic product-it may be cheaper but it shouldn’t be fake! I will be contacting  Stella Mccartney customer service to pass on the information.BEWARE

152

Farfetch is just an intermediary but do not buy alas you will not find this out till too late if the seller is VITKAC Poland. My shoes arrived with dog hairs on them, the box was damaged, however as they were the last pair I had liitle choice. I would not use them again. A friend reffered me, so I got 10% off but it looks like I got only 10% service. I have sinced defriended my friend. His shoes arrived damaged too!

153

Please note that this is based on the recent scenario where the item was delayed and required follow up from me. On top of ths, I was sent the wrong bag. I have now been informed the bag has ‘sold out’ which is unccaptable as my payment was taken and order processed. Additionally, at the time of placing the order I was notified that it was the last piece remeining and so, for it to have sold out since doesn’t apply either. I am a purchaser of luxury goods and order from numerous sites regularly and am sorry to report that this experience is a first of its kind. I am unlikely to order from farfetch going forwards due to the inconvenience of this incident. The bag was meant to be a present for someone which is not redundant. The 10% discount that I have been offered for a future purchase is somewhat of a joke too.

154

It took a week to get a shipping confirmation from this boutique, that's not Farfetch-like at all!

155

Okay, their delivery is fast, the products are great but when they lower the price after the day I purchased the item, and I asked for price adjustment, you know what they did?THEY RAISED THE PRICE & RAISED ONLY THE SIZE THAT I BOUGHT.I mean they can set the price whatever they want, but right after I asked for the price adjustment? Come on lol

156

Loved the fast delivery but when received my givenchy slides they had scratches on them.

157

Doesn't offer a chat service and phone line cuts out after waiting on hold for 5 minutes? Complete opposite experience of customer service that you want with a business.

158

The shoes is quit big if we compere it with pictures here that looks normal or small

159

Payed extra for express shipping- but waited for one of two packages for a week. I wrote to customerservice twice, but did not get an answer before the package arrived.

160

One star for the price deal and the other for the fast shipping.I ordered a pair of golden goose, they arrived with a scratch in the front and it’s clearly damaged.I paid 330$, they were not for free, they should add extra care or contact the buyer if there is any issue with the item ordered.Disappointed

161

I placed my order with express delivery on monday morning and was promised delivery by wednesday-friday. From there on there was nothing but disapointment and waiting. On wednesday I was asked to send proof of my payment details which I did right away. I did not hear anything until friday night when I was told my order had been cancelled. When I asked why the order was cancelled and attached the email conversation where I did submit all information shortly after the request to do so I was once again given the same answer. ”We tried to contact you to solve this issue and verify your order manually, but unfortunately you didn't reply in time”What I’m most disapointed with isn’t the order being cancelled but the time of the whole process and standard replies from customer service. I’m still waiting for my refund and won’t be buying from farfetch again.

162

It is my first time shopping at Farfetch. However the experience was not so good. The shoe I received was obviously worn for a long time by another customer. The inside of shoes is quite dirty. The leather on the heel was even scratched. If it is an old pair, the condition  at least should be described.

163

don't trust this website, if you buy something from farfetch, they usually shipped within 2 days,, ok it's good, right? But once their partner refused to ship, you can only wait, even you send a email to farfetch CS ask for help, the only thing they could tell you that is “sorry and wait”, they are not available do anything to help you.

164

Although the order come in a timely fashion. There was a strong smell from the box and on the item. Not sure like a chemical smell. The bag looked fine. I wish it had of come with a Fendi box though. As it is a clutch bag with 3D letters embossed on it. Which equals fragile. Afraid now it will get damaged as I have know box to store it in other then that. The price was amazing. I have made several purchases with Farfetch before. I have always had good service and the original box. Not sure what happened with this item.

165

On 2 September 2018, I asked Farfetch for garment size information of a discounted item and was given a reply on the same day. However, there were some anomalies in the reply. So on 3 September 2018, I asked for further clarification of how each size/dimension was measured but there was no firm reply then. On 10 September 2018, I received a reply saying that my requested information was not forthcoming since Farfetch partner boutique was busy due to peak season. A suggestion was made to me to buy the garment first and, if not fit, a free return would be arranged for me. Surprisingly the Farfetch price was suddenly increased to more than double the original discounted price for the out-of-season garment! Of course, this deterred me from buying. Despite Farfetch’s free return policy, a refund may not be in full but with the deduction of first shipping cost. To a customer, right-first-time is for sure better than “return and refund” to avoid the time, inconvenience and cost involved.The garment actual dimension information for different sizes is very important for customers, especially inexperienced first-time customers like me, as the actual dimension varies greatly among different brands for the same size or even among different models of the same brand. This garment dimension information is conducive to facilitating customers to make immediate buying decision and is definitely a competitive advantage for online businesses. I believe that such information should be readily available from the garment designer/supplier. Indeed some other online shops provide detailed garment dimension for each garment on web. Farfetch seems to lag behind and needs improvement in this regard

166

With all do respect , I just received the clutch yesterday that I had ordered . The clutch was wrapped in 2 thin cotton bags and left to bang and slide around the too big box with NO PROTECTIVE PACKAGING AT ALL !!! No bubble wrap .. nothing !! SURE ENOUGH , when I unwrapped this expensive Calvin Klein bag .. there is a crack that has started to grow in the acrylic sides from the bottom . Who would make a sane decision like this ?? My first experience w/ FARFETCH was perfect , now this !!  Please contact me . Lydia

167

Have shopped with Farfetch multiple times and most times they are great however this is the second time I’ve had my order cancelled and refunded. Do you know how disappointing it is when you finally found the item you’ve wanted at an amazing price just for it to be cancelled and refunded 24 hours later?I’m confused as to why it took an entire day for you guys to cancel it too, I even called customer service to see what was going on and the lady didn’t have the balls to tell me then that it was out of stock. Just as other people have been saying, stock needs to be regulated BETTER. Especially when buying luxury items as they’re expensive, I won’t get get the large sum of money back for a few days either. I can’t go and buy what I wanted now because my order has signaled to you that it’s actually out of stock. This becoming a common occurrence makes me not want to shop with them anymore, Ssense have never done this to me.

168

Hello, I ordered from Czech Republic 3 things, price: € 3514.45: wallet, shoes and bag. The wallet and shoes came without problems in good stuff, but the bag for the delivery history was in Prague, but for some reason it was sent back, and didn’t deliver to the my address, I waited bag 5 days. The support service (Ana C. and Magda R.) told me that the payment failed and the bag was returned, but how can payment not be paid if the purchase was paid by one card, and two things have come, and the third is not. Then they said from the support service that the payment will be returned to the card, although there was an opportunity to return it to the credits of Farfetch and I can buy again without problem with card. First they must ask how it will be more comfortable for me to send them to the card or credit them. I'm a buyer and I'm right. People’s re working in a similar company should sell and help, and not be pofigistic. Negligent attitude, spoiled the mood, I say white, the support service says black, I will never use this service again, because with this bag I had to go on the friends wedding, and and now it’s spoiled, it's better to order directly from original boutique.

169

I thought it was perfectly safe to shop from Farfetch, so I went on and did my first purchase whith them a week ago. After one week, the status was still “reviewing order”. I started reading reviews online, and realized this is happening a lot. I contacted customer service, where the representative said he would check on it and “personally com back to me with info”. I never heard anything, but could see from the app that the order was canceled. I got the money refunded, but ended with a €20 loss due to currency fluctuations (I used a non-euro debit card, because why would I even dream of returning this perfect bag now that I finally located it online?). I understand that this issue is not necessarily  the fault of Farfetch alone, as they use subsupplers, but they need to seriously scrutinize their suppliers, many of whom use Farfetch due to lacking capacity to smoothly run an online retail service. Not surprising then that stock info is not up to date. The fact that I got a quick reply to my inquiry and that my money were rapidly returned, makes me give them a 2 instead of 1, but I will never shop with Farfetch again.

170

Not the best customer service.I ordered an item I June and I received the wrong one. I immediately informed their customer service and asked for a refund. Instead it was suggested that I’d exchange it for the ordered item. The item was picked up a few days later. However until today I have not received a refund or a new item and it is now August.

171

I’m usually very pleased with my orders. However this time I ordered a sized 38 but received a 36 size shoe. I have reached out to fix this mistake and can not seem to get any service. Which is odd because normally there is always someone answering a phone or have their fingers on the keyboard, ready to work. Fast delivery as always

172

They don’t get 1 star...Yet.I’ve purchased many thousands of dollars of apparel from them.Their shipping was adequate, sometimes even impressive.  The products usually packaged neatly and as described.Their charges and promotions again tolerable to adequate but not outright spectacular.So, why the two stars? Simple, they misled me and refused to acknowledge the discount I was entitled to.They initially sent me the wrong item, then after I returned it, the new item they were going to send me suddenly ended up being out of stock only to then reappear on the site a day later for far more than the original discounted price.Again, all this, even though not preferred, was still tolerated.  They then offered me a 10% x 10% discount on my next order to not only compensate for all the inconvenience but also to account for the initial 10% discount I was never able to take advantage of.However, when I went to place the next order — 2 items totaling over $1,500, they informed me; nope, you get no discount. So, after a somewhat heated call, they acknowledged they’d only offer 10%, as though they were the ones doing me the favour. Ridiculous!I’ve spent upwards of 10k with Farfetch with intention to spend far more in the future but I would’ve expected a high enough level of customer service and at the VERY LEAST for them to honour what they promised to begin with.I’ll do my shopping with YOOX or Bluefly or Hervia or Genta Roma from now on instead.  One or two of them are actually more affordable anyway.So, Thanks Farfetch customer service for pushing me in the right direction.  You guys definitely deserve only two stars max.

173

I order 2 caps from Farfetch, they were sent sepeartly one from here UK and the other from Poland. When I recieved the 1st cap it was bent when the second one was suppose to arrive only to find out it’s been reschuled until further notice. Not only was it rescheduled I also had no clue, I didn’t receive any emails or updates until I went to track it. Very poor service not happy at all

174

Shipped wrong product.Message has sent out already, pls help to follow up for return and send back purchased item.Thank you very much.Fion

175

Everything was great until a saw the shoes they seemed worn both pairs were very dirty with many scratches at the bottom

176

Received a totally different bag! So disappointing.

177

The return invoice doesnt list out the items of my purchase, since I am not returning all four of my purchases (I am returning three items, keeping one) now it would be confusing not to state on the return form what exactly I am returning - so I had to copy and hand write the returned products one by one....

178

I have recieved the product in good condition and it came within a few days.HOWEVER when i checked my bank statement， i could see that farfetch has charged me TWICE for 1 pair of shoes that i have ordered.I need a refund for that extra charge asap farfetch.

179

I received one of the two items I ordered, I purchased two dsquared2 swim trunks as a 40th Birthday present for myself.  I received the second one, they were not shipped together.  The first one when I went to pick it up from the DHL center it was sent back to shipper, the next day I received the notification to pick it up.  Haven’t received any fôllow up from DHL or farfetch as to what happened.  I will next time purchase from another website or seek out a boutique selling the items i want when I travel.

180

I got wrong dress not the one i ordered how ever waiting for farfetch team to solve the issue ( exchanging the dress )

181

product came defected with stains.

182

The items ARE lovely. My first purchase was seamless. I ordered again and the was the same size from the same manufacturer --shocking, it was tight. I returned the blouse within an hour of delivery to the UPS store in the original box as per instructions after calling the company. I never received an email for the return and called the company to find out if it had arrived!. Never seeing a credit on my card, the long process began....After numerous phone calls, 7 calls to the company, I finally received a credit on this purchase. This was close to four weeks after they received the package. I received multiple excuses. Their customer service staff was both good and bad. First excuses were "they had high volume", then a representative said  "it took 3-4 weeks for a return"; a couple days ago, I finally talked to someone who DID SOMETHING and got my credit within hours to post on my credit. It's easy to buy from the company. It is necessary to be delighted - its a struggle to get your money back!

183

Unfortunately not a great experience this time. I bought an item and paid for express shipping since I needed it urgently. The item didn't ship for a few days. I called costumer service several times and each representative couldn't really help or get in touch with the partners to ship the item. I don't understand what costumer service is there for if they can't provide any more information or help then what I can find myself on the app???I ended up receiving the item too late. Very disappointing.

184

PLEASE READ. Disappointed with what I have just witnessed. I have used Farfetch before and have normally been reasonably happy with their services. However, on this occasion, I am saddened to see how low they have sunk. I received an email saying that there is an extra 20% off on all sale items. Intrigued, I decided to browse. What I noticed was that a lot of the prices on sale items had been inflated. For example, a few days ago, there was a men's Versace backpack for around about the £600 mark (marked down from £900). However, after checking today, the list price was now around the £800 mark. Therefore, this 'new' 20% discount added to the current discount has now reduced this £800 price to the £600 price it was already a few days ago ! This would mean this 'special' discount that I was notified about isn't actually saving you any more money and you would be paying a similar price to what the item was already on sale for. (The reason I know this is because I tend to browse this website daily to see if I can spot any new additions to the sale and/or more price reductions and I know the price was different a few days ago). Now, don't get me wrong, I understand that Farfetch are a company who need to make a profit. But, what I don't appreciate is this underhanded attempt to make out like they are doing YOU a favour and offering a 'sale'. Either this practice should be addressed or I will never shop with Farfetch again. My advice to anyone using this website is this. If you are happy to pay full price OR the sale price for these items, got for it. Anytime I have ordered from Farfetch, my items were received as expected. If, however, you're being drawn in from an email or advertisement and you're looking for the best deal, you might be better off shopping from other outlets and online retailers before you purchase anything.

185

After finally purchasing a grail Item, they cancel my order to say its out of stock. I know these things happen, but i waited so long to buy this item and i finally had the chance. But nope, they took that chance away, very disappointed. I had a 10% coed off and all they gave back was 10£ voucher.

186

I’m so disappointed!!!!I placed an order 6 days a go , promised It will be dispatched in two days! So wrong! It’s 6 days already and I don’t have any information about my item! It’s from their partner The Webster. No info! Tried to connect the Webster too-nothing! I needed the item for an event next week and I’ll receive it after that! It’s so disappointing! I gave my money to receive slow service and no adequate answer when I receive my item!Please DO SOMETHING!!!!

187

The shoes looks disapointed than the picture, also no extra laces, and no fabric bag.Not respectable

188

Bag looked used. Hardware was scratched up. The packaging had no plastic or tissue paper around certain parts of the bag that is usually present with new merchandise. The shape of the bag was stretched had no stuffing in it and the inside suede had pilling.

189

i received a completely wrong type of shoes and i couldn't get the correct one before my holiday. Lead to I have to refund the shoes.

190

I paid 10 extra pounds to expect to receive my shoes by 24-26 January,  But I finally have received on the 29th on January, so why did you charge me 10 pounds if the delivery day was the same?

191

Expected delivery date was on the 26th. Recieved item on the 29th.

192

Farfetch.com is a luxury shopping platform which pairs consumers with goods offered by high-end fashion boutiques all over the world. They don't actually sell or stock the goods themselves. They claim this provides 'unparalleled choice' and they 'guarantee the very best shopping experience'...  Well, I placed my first order with Farfetch.com on 6th Jan on the understanding that the expected delivery date is between 12th Jan - 16th Jan. 9 days passed with no communication from the website itself nor their boutique partner before I finally made contact with Customer Services on 15th Jan. They were polite enough, but were essentially as useful as a chocolate teapot. They could not provide me with a satisfactory solution to the problem as Farfetch is really a 'middle man' between you and the seller. There was a lot of 'we need to check with the boutique' and 'we will need to get back to you'. All in all, it took 2 emails, 2 phone calls and an awful lot of time and worry before my money got refunded back to me, with them citing it being out of stock as a the reason. I am surprised it took them 11 days to figure this out.I have never had so much trouble shopping from other luxury fashion websites. Farfetch did provide me with a modest goodwill gesture towards my next order, but I don't think I'd be taking the bait!

193

I received a YSL belt bag without a tassel, which is a staple part of the bag and makes a huge difference in the way the item looks together as a piece. I have contacted customer service and hopefully they'll resolve this situation to the best of their abilities. The second item was delivered in a perfect condition and I am happy with it.

194

I waited about 20 minutes on The phone, because the lady on the side told me too, and i paid about 10£ in Danish kr to talk with you!!!! Not Good enough. Plus the refund took to long, and the first guy i e-mailed with didn’t answer back. They are usually quick and without any problems, but this time they messed up!

195

I think Farfetch is not a safe website to shop from. 1. Someone else has logged into my account and saved a number of their shipping address there, so if i had my credit card details there they could have shipped something to them. 2. The prices for farfetch fluctuate, i think they have algos to price their items depending on what they think you could afford. I have previously browsed some items, and when I logged in to browse them, they were double the price. It was from the same country and the same boutique. I have been shopping online for many years, I think there is definitely something a bit fishy about farfetch.

196

ordered all presents on same day from several different vendors, yours was the only one not to arrive in time for christmas.

197

I received the wrong size. I ordered J Brand leather pants 25 and received 27.

198

I wish  I could post images.  They were shocking.  This is my first purchase made on Farfetch and might be the last.  The bottom of the shoes were full of scratches and dirts.  I searched every corner of the box and one anklet was missing.  They dont's even check and clean the items before they throw them out.  Soooo disappointed.

199

Sorry this time i have little bit not happy because the shoes are very dirty.  Its like used for one time.

200

My order includes 3 items from 3 different partners of yours.Before shipping from your partners I cancelled 1 item by phone. This item had not been shipped from your partner, I called on Saturday last week, but your coworker at the customer service said that calling it back would not reach the stock/delivery dep. in time before shipping on Monday morning. We agreed on Farfetch shipping anyway, as I understood that cancelling was not at option. Agreeing or not did in my opinion not really make a difference as I did not have a choice. Anyway customer service wanted to call it an option. My option of preference would have been to cancel the ordered product, as requested. Another item is shipped without a strap that should have been included in the bag. I received the bag and contacted customer service regarding this missing strap. I have in a late feedback received the information, that caused to your partner being busy you have still not received any feedback on this strap. In my opinion a company have not delivered a product to a customer, before all items of the product has been received by the customer.For now, I have no idea whether I will receive my item purchased or not. But I have already paid for it. Not an acceptable experience.The 3 product of the order I have received as expected, and I only had a small comment on the textile for packaging. This was damaged and did not protect the bag entirely. As I consider this textile as a cloth bag, which purpose also is to protect the bag during delivery, I would have preferred this to be intact. I have already rated this part of the delivery on your rating system.Overall I am:1: still missing my strap for a quite expensive luggage bag purchased. 2: I am waiting on being credited for 1 quite expensive product of the order.I am sure that Farfetch can do better, and will expect for you to show your worth within a matter of few days.

201

I ordered a Chloe Drew bag from this site. The first time I ordered, they cancelled my order right off the bat because they assumed my credit card was faulty. They did not notify me before cancelling, they simply cancelled the order and said that I needed to send them proof that the credit card belonged to me. I understand these are security measures but before you cancel the item shouldn't they call the individual. Then I called them to see what was going on with my order and asked why it was cancelled, they explained it was part of their safety measures (great) but why not notify before you cancel and the product becomes unavailable. THEN I reordered the same bag in a different color and thankfully everything went through. When I received the product it was a COMPLETELY different color that what I had purchased. The photograph clearly showed a salmon pink and the product I received was tan. I contacted customer service desk a couple times via email and phone and no one has gotten back to me. I don't usually leave comments like these on site reviews but this is absolutely ridiculous, especially when you are paying thousands of dollars on a high end product.

202

The return is not as smooth. After receiving the RMA free collection email. According to tracking, item received. no confirmation email has been received.Not sure what is going on.....Maybe they don't like customer to return items.....

203

I have purchase many item from farfetch and what always sent me the wrong item plus now my order stuck not deliver to my address when i ask their customer service they said it takes time its take time until now i still dont get any answer back for my order no answer no refund And i have to wait for nothing One more thing is their customer service talk like they know nothing and hard to get in touchI called more than 10 times to get answer but no one can find my package Don’t understand you farfetch and i have return 2 packages one received and sent me an email and another received but dont send me any email but the package was signed by the man name flecher thingy Very tired with farfetch

204

At the shopping time a nice package was mentioned, guaranteeing the item to be delivered in a box - unfortunately it came wrapped only in a plastic paper bag and nothing more presentable than that.

205

I received a pair that has been worn or tried on and damaged on the side.(the suede got rubbed off).That was a last pair on sale and decided to keep it.

206

I have been using Farfetch for a few years. I always thought my loyalty was recognized; however, to my disappointment, my recent purchase happened just a few days before your extra discount promotion and you wouldn't honour it on my purchase.

207

Initial impression good - purchased backpack as gift for my girlfriend. Arrived quickly, seemed professional.Defect arose with item, emailed Farfetch in attempt to take advantage of 1 year product warranty. No response from them.

208

I do believe the seller forgot to ship my purchased or at least one week! 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️

209

5  starts. Great services.love boot.

210

Had to write several emails to try and receive the price shown to me on site, after the first mail it looks like you saw I am intersted in the item and the price went up. tried to receive original price when mail was sent to you and couldn't and couple of times got answer that did not answer all my marks in the mail.When the shipment arrived I had to add more money.The only reason this is 2 stars and not 1 star is because the shipment was very fast.

211

Everything is fast, but I don't like I need to take care and print thr papers myself if I want to return the item.

212

I hate to say this but you have sent me the wrong shoes - ie. classic loafers (cheaper) instead of what I had ordered - classic penny loafer

213

one of items ordered turned out not to be available, was charged and not notified  for 3 days, shipping was delayed on 2nd item in order, will not recommend

214

Ordered a pair of sneakers in UK sz 11 and was sent the incorrect US sz 11, had to return order and wanted sneakers for a trip I was leaving for!Waste of my time.

215

Great customer service over the phone. Ana was very helpful to solve the problem. Unfortunately, shipping details were not updated in my login account. From shipping to delivery there was no information given. After I received the package, online shipping status was still showing shipped without any detail. Hopefully your company should choose a reliable shipping company in the future.

216

The order arrived ahead of time but the measurement of the dress is wrong 😔

217

The bag does not come with dustbag. Also, the tags are not attached to the bag but they're enclosed inside the bag. Not sure if its meant to be like this?

218

It took you two days to ship my product and I also have to tell you my ID card number and debt card number. The website stated that I will get my item between July 19 to July 23 but I will get mine on the 27. I still don't get why the shipping is so long compared to other sites.

219

The colour of the real product is so much different from the picture... And the leather looks different also... Very disappointed with my first purchase.

220

Paid for home delivery but they dropped it off at a dry clean far away from my address. I was home all day and they if they did I would've known. Had to carry the huge box all the way back. Also the leather of the bag was a lot grainier than anything I'd seen in store even contacted a sales assistant at th boutique and he said it was unusually grainy. I have yet to have it authenticated. Shipping was fast. Very unhappy with the packaging.

221

Too much trouble to receive my package with "customs" delay within the European Union

222

I received wrong items, not happy :(

223

It took 8 days to get the order. By then any gratification from this purchase was gone !

224

Ordered a bracelet for around 250 pounds. It was to be delivered from Germany to Denmark, which is a very short distance, so I expected a quick delivery.Unfortunately, almost 3 weeks later I have no bracelet, nor any information about what happened or when I can expect it. Ive tried calling both FarFetch, as well as the boutique in question (Bungalow Gallery Stuttgart). But have received no concrete information so far, except that they would start an investigation with DHL (started 10 days after i made my enquiry).While I understand that FarFetch covers a very wide range of Boutiques who operate independently, I made my order through them. Therefore I expect them to make an effort to ensure that my delivery problems are remedied asap. Would've given 1 star, but my previous experience with FarFetch was quite good, so that counts as 1 extra star.

225

very poor packaging with no paper wrapping and simply fold the dress into a plastic bag, this is so not matching the price and brand for a Lanvin baby gown, very disappointing!!

226

Ups said they tried to deliver but I was waiting in my apartment and they didn't ring the buzzer. They expect me to pick up the item but I can't do I'm just going to leave it to be returned. It shouldn't be so complicated.

227

I ordered two dresses specifically requesting a large or size 12. One dress came in size twelve and second dress size 8. I returned second dress and ordered another in size Large or 12. I received the second order today and it is a size 8??? Very disappointing as I spoke live to customer service requesting to ensure the right size.  Poor execution on delivery of requested products.

228

You shoe sizing chart is wrong, and caused me to end up with a non-fitting pair of shoes.Please fix this, it has caused a major inconvenience for me.Thanks.

229

theres problem with my tee's print but it is too complex to return. I will accept it.

230

I have to admit, I haven't ordered anything but I probably won't since there are just too many issues. First, the pricing is very high (at least to Japan,) other similar luxury sites are at least $50-250 cheaper per item! And to top that off different sizes for certain items are priced higher! Case and point, a Comme de Garcons T-shirt, 10,000 yen in a Medium and 16,000 yen in a Small or Large. (thats about $50 more) Ummm Why?! Does no one else see this? Anyways, my last complaint is I can't change the website into English for the life of me. Yes, I live in Japan but do I want to do my shopping in Japanese? NO! Get it together Farfetch!In response to customer service: I'm not sure why you need to contact ME in regards to your own online pricing issues. That is something your web/marketing/sales team should keep track of regardless. And actually now that it's been brought to your attention start taking care of it. I'm not going to e-mail your customer service to haggle over prices when I can go somewhere else without the hassle.

231

Packaging is bad and opened cover .

232

Some feedback I could give was that there was one price of $174.00 displayed on the shirt and then once I clicked through to purchase it changed to $191.00.Not sure why that was the case?

233

The dress was absolutely not an XL

234

Not happy with the wrong item being sent.

235

the size chart mentions UK8 = US9, but it turns out to be UK8 = US8.5 when I received the shoes. Also, the website is hard to navigate. Poor experience with Farfetch.

236

The ferregamo coat was all creased up and the Versace trousers were soooo long that they would fit my 6.2" husband.Really disappointed !

237

I've twice attempted to by a mid size crossbody bag, both times finding really beautiful pieces within my budget. I went to purchase both and only get a notification after the sale has gone through that they were sold out.I know it's difficult to communicate stock between store and online but both instances have been frustrating and extremely disappointing to my excitement after all the time it takes for me to locate the ones I love.I recently bought a Comme Des Garcons bag as an alternative and will sadly be returning it. It's a shame because I'd found 2 really wonderful options, went to purchase, got a confirmation and then an out of stock notification.I really hope this doesn't happen again.

238

I asked for a UK 7.5 size, I was shipped a 8.5 UK size for Hogan shoes. I am going to return. Best wishes, Andrea Floris

239

But getting confirms and rsting requests of my experience.  Lovely. So on top of it. Now have to deal with customer svce tomorrow. Really love having my time wasted

240

wondering if my pants have been worn

241

Very inconsistent

242

Frist, I made the order on 25/11, I received the JW Anderson boots on 6/12, it's too long to wait. Second, the shoe box is dirty and shoes are dirty, zip on the shoes lost the color already. This time is really bad.

243

Order Number: WVD8144353 was for a size 44, but I got an item in size 42 instead... I will not return it - I simply do not have the time to go through the procedure. This is not the first time this happens with Farfetch boutiques, the buying experience is always a gamble, because the site does not provide measurements per size, either (such as length, bust etc).

244

I ordered a Proenza Schouler t shirt in another colour than the one I received. So NOT impressed this time!

245

Inspite of my many callas to correct the address the package was delivered to the wrong addresses

246

Part of my order is missing, my stone Island top arrived with no Stone Island badge for the arm.... I emailed the boutique directly and will not try on the top until the order is complete, if its not rectified within the next few days I will be returning the order through the correct process..Regards Steve

247

shipping and promotional codes all very misleading

248

It's a very great website for high end shopping, and they're service are good. Very kind people. But they send me another model of the pair of shoes that i ordered. So i wouldn't recommend this, since i dont know how often this happens.

249

Purchased item that wasn't available. Purchased another item, not information for 10 days. I called and I was told the store was moving location and couldn't give a time frame on shipping.

250

Item arrived damaged

251

Ordered coat was delivered in wrong colour. E-mailing about this issue for over a week now... problem stil not solved...

252

I received a wrong item that I had actually purchased, I immediately returned it to Farfetch and emailed customer services. Customer services emailed me saying that the store apologizes for the mistake, have reserved and will send the correct item once they have received the return. What I do not understand is that it has been about two weeks since my return of the wrong item and I am still waiting for news for my exchange. Further to my return and delayed exchange of the wrongfully delivered item. I had to call Farfetch personally to further inquire. Whilst being put on hold for several minutes, I received an email informing me of a refund. This is rather curious as I was initially offered an exchange as I was sent a wrong item. I wonder how why a simple exchange solution could take such a long time and then complicate things with a refund?I really like Farfetch and was really impressed by their quick delivery, but when it comes to returns and exchanges I think that they should look into a better system or run the risk of loosing valued customers.Still no news from customer services about how they will rectify this.The final solution was a forced refund and a complimentary voucher for my inconvenience advising me to make my purchase of the correct item. After going through all that, it makes me wonder if I will continue shopping with Farfetch when there are many more sites that offer a better return and exchange policy.

253

This is the first time I shop from Rive Gauche (Rennes, France). I must say, I was surprised I never received a follow up after purchasing a pair of shoes from them, so I had to call to follow up with the order myself. Farfetch customer service was very good at helping me found out what was the status of my order. When my order finally arrived, I found that the pair of shoes this store sent to me was a completely different color from what I have ordered, the color is not even listed at farfetch web site. How this can be possible?. I needed these shoes for a trip and now is too late for returns so, I'll have to keep the wrong color.

254

Your service was excellent and safe

255

The necklace from "Ileana Makri" that I bought, looks totally different when I compare to the pictures that I had seen on your website. I feel really disappointed because I spend 118AUD to purchase the necklace and then the products that I had received was awful.... But a good things is that I had received the products in 5 days. The only things is that the quality of the necklace have to be improve...

256

I am upset with the slow processing of my order which takes almost 4 days until I got my email of "out of stock"!! When I purchased that item, it didn't quite as "last one or low stock". And with payment using credit card, refunding into credit card would impose a currency exchange spread loss. So I couldn't get my beloved product plus being charged unnecessarily. I would suggest your company may make sure the item is in stock before charging the client.It was good that the customer service answered my email quickly and helped me handle my query.

257

The description on the website for this trainer says 100% leather lined, but after received the shoes, found that it is partly woven lined and partly nylon lined. Very disappointed with the made...and does not live up to what is described!!!

258

It took a long time and still takes, before the parts of my complete order received me. I am still waiting for parts after ca. 2 weeks.

259

I have ordered trainers from Farfetch twice and had to return then because they were the wrong size. With trainers that are Unisex the size displayed in the Women's site is not accurate, they both turned out to be Men's size. Very disappointing experience but at least the returns are free. 

260

received wrong item

261

the shoes i received does not match the quality it should have .

262

I recently purchased a pair of sunglasses from Farfetch and after travelling for over an hour to collect the parcel from a DHL Service Point - East Midlands Airport (note that if you miss a delivery, the item cannot be collected from a store or locker) I was disappointed to find that the sunglasses were damaged (The coating was peeling away from the metal frames on both arms).  I immediately contacted Farfetch's customer service who replied promptly asking for photographic evidence, which I supplied. Farfetch contacted the boutique in which the sunglasses were dispatched from in Paris (Mode de Vue) who responded with 'the sunglasses are in the correct condition'.  Obviously, I was both shocked and confused that the boutique was essentially 'fobbing' me off. I decided to contact the brand directly, to get their opinion on whether the sunglasses were 'in the correct condition'. Almost instantly, they responded to me advising that the sunglasses were definitely damaged and not in the correct condition - this information was fed back to Farfetch. I have since booked in a return with Farfetch, however have not heard back from the customer service and I'm very disappointed that the issue was not resolved through them. And not to mention I will be losing out on postage cost for an error which was out of my control.

263

An actual wallet was as nice as I expected - thanks SAINT LAURENT.  Delivery took too long - 7 days. Packaging was terrible, just a black box placed in a cardboard box.  Interesting what happened to that FARFETCH promise "Personally packed by the boutique. For a unique, individual touch."

264

I don't understand why the original tags of these two tshirts was missing,including the farfetch tag.I would think they are totally second hands!!

265

I ordered a hoodie off their website on a monday from Italy and I live in Denmark. I received the order on friday, same week, which is why I credit them 2 stars. The disappointing thing is that the received item was not close to what I originally ordered. I received a random sweatshirt from the same brand, but in the wrong size, which to me is totally unacceptable. I was told during ordering that 1 hoodie was still in stock in my size, but have now been told that it is no longer in stock. I therefore can not make an exchange to the right item, but have to receive a refund, where I will likely loose money, due to the currency balance changing from time to time. It is from my point of view a big downside when a popular company like Farfetch makes such a mistake and would recommend you to being in better contact with your suppliers around the world, so mistakes like these does not happen.

266

received the wrong order 1 week before Christmas. they failed to tell me they didn't have the size I requested so rather than sending me a refund they sent me a complete different shoe. very disappointed with a high designer shop

267

The right shoe was damaged on the top. It felt a lot wider than my other common projects.I guess it was tried on many times before it got to me. For a brand new shoe it wasn't in good condition.

268

I didn't expect for worn/display shoes.

269

I expected for the price of the foods I bought €411 that I would receive nice packaging and a quality service, the box that the item come in was bashed an was dirty appeared to have scribble on it the items inside were bashed about and scuffed on the suede I wasn't really happy to be honest with the quality of box looked like it had been kicked round the floor this is a gift an I wanted it to be perfect it's too close to Christmas to send back now so I'm just going to have to put up with it now. This would stop me buying from you again as I know you will read this an do nothing about it

270

I was sent the wrong size pair of shoes I ordered women size 10 and was sent 9.5. What were they thinking!

271

Delivery took a while. When I wanted the courier to deliver to my job instead of home as the delivery hours were for me inconvenient farfetch had locked the ability for me to do so.  When I called farfetch customer service I reached a very rude advisor named Serena. She did not answer my questions, she kept sighing at me over the phone, she had a rude attitude and tone and I got the impression that she had no interest in helping me. Furthermore she eventually agreed that she would keep me posted on the outcome of my issue over email which she did not, I never received any follow up.  Overall a very disappointing experience, especially because of the poor attitude at your customer service department.

272

I don't see a confirmation email, once I placed a order, which make me feel if the order really processing. After few days I need to login in from the website from my account to check the status. This is different from other online shopping website.  Beside, once I received, the shoes was not in a brand new condition. That's look like somebody have worn it before. Even though understood that ship it straight from a boutique, somebody may try it before, I think a basic clean up could help to improve the experience. That definite look like somebody worn it and step outside the street one or two days.

273

I am a fan of Farfetch, and this is the first time that my experience was not perfection.  I ordered a basic Maison Margiela black cardigan, and I received a Maison Margiela charcoal grey cardigan with elbow patches.  Ironically, the item that was shipped was more expensive than the item that I had purchased . . . but I don't need another charcoal cardigan.

274

Hi i have contacted customer service for change of address immediately after purchase and someone from the department assured that they have changed the address. However upon tracking the waybill number and contacting the delivery party i just realised that the item is being sent to the old address and which i no longer stay. Now i have to find the tenant of the house for my item.. I hope its not lost or gone..

275

it shows that the package arrived on 24th. I did not receive it until 28th. did not know what's going on.

276

I found your price is getting more expensive compare to the other sites, that is different than used to be , very disappointing

277

I am not happy with the item i purcesed due to the wrong item being sent out to me.i bought this as a gift for my boyfriends birthday. As you can understand this caused problems due to not having the correct gift.

278

Use DHL is a great mistake. Tracking shows shipment arrived KY hub 31/Oct., ETD 11/2. Wait at home the whole day, nothing shows up. Check tracking again by the end of the day, info "changed" into no deliver day available........time are valuable. Try not to purchase from same supplier in future.

279

one more time i have received wrong item from farfetch. would be nice if you allocate orders correctly.

280

I WAITED FOR MORE THE A WEEK LONG BUT DID NOT GET MY PACKAGE AFTER DHL SHOWS MY PACKAGE WAS DELIVERIED .  WHERE DO I CHECK MY PACKAGE?

281

I ordered expensive cuff links as a gift for a co-worker, and when the package arrived it was obvious that the product was pre-owned or at least used/handled multiple times. The gems were dirty and smudged, and there was residue and finger prints all over the silver work. The box was also defective and in poor condition. Definitely not worth the expensive price I paid.

282

I ordered a ysl monogram cardholder, on the website it displayes the logo on the from of the cardholder however once recieved the logo is on the inside

283

My order came one day later as it was to be and it had a terrible, very strong moldy smell. probably the clothes (Diesel pants) were stored in a musty warehouse or something like that.  I don't recommend this shopping platform.

284

I ordered an iphone4 case and they sent another iphone5 case.

285

THE ORDER PROCESS WAS EASY AND FAST AND THAT MADE ME MORE EXCITED TO RECEIVE MY ITEM. MY ITEM WAS PACKAGED WELL  BUT IT WAS THE WRONG SHOE! I AM VERY UPSET I WILL BE RETURNING THESE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE THIS WAS MY FIRST EXPERIENCE WITH FARFETCH AND IT WAS TERRIBLE.

286

Wrong size sent and now they haven't got the size I originally wanted in stock!

287

Ordered a pair of size 38.5 valentino heels from biondini Paris. I was contacted to say they were no longer in stock and would I like an alternative. I then said I would have the size 38. Farfetch said they would sort this for me. At this point I believed it was sorted. I have since called farfetch and they are "waiting" on the store to respond to an email . The size has since gone out of stock in the meantime. I would have been quicker going to the store myself! After a third call, they still have my money and are still "waiting" to hear from biondini. I do not understand why they could not simply call the store and address the problem there and then. Terrible communication and I am under no doubt that my shoes are no longer in stock. I also paid for express delivery. Really disappointed with this website .

288

Send me a different  color with my choice.

289

The incorrect item was sent to me

290

I have ordered an essence of humanity jeans 'racer' in regular length. what I received was a avedon with ankle length. Totally wrong article. The return conditions say, that Farfetch only credits the price of the Jeans, not the mail charges. That cannot be true? They made a mistake and want to let me pay for it? Please, help. I want to receive, what I have ordered!!!

291

Very polite note, but why bother to send the wrong size? I now have to pack it up and send it back,  and I have paid for something I would never have agreed to if they had had the sense and courtesy to email me and ask if a size smaller would  be acceptable. I am too busy for this kind of service.

292

Made a order on 09-01-15 . After 1/5 week i thought this is so bad and contact Farfetch . They told me that they will sort this out and fail to tell me where this order is .Because DHL told me it was never send out for them to pick this order up . This order was a gift that i couldn't give. Why do i pay 18 euro for bad service?? And wanted to know if i could get the 20% discount offer on my order because it was never send out and got no response. That's the least what Farfetch could to for their bad service.

293

I ordered for the first time from Farfetch 2 weeks ago.  My order took a whole week to be dispatched, and even though it arrived fast, I noticed that the boutique invoice that came with the order showed a completely different amount to what I had been charged.  The difference is quite significant and is clearly more than just the FX difference (boutique invoice was in Euro while my order was charged in USD).   I am very disappointed when I queried the customer service operator as she tried to tell me the price I was charged had included taxes and duties.  I pointed out that it was clear from both the order confirmation and the boutique invoice that no duties /taxes are chargeable for shipping to my country.  She then told me that the boutique has different prices for different currencies - unfortunately I do not accept that I can understand there may be slight mismatches due to FX, but not significant amounts.  And since Farfetch's website describe any purchase contract to be directly between the boutique and buyer, I do not understand why Farfetch can charge higher than what the boutique is in fact selling for.   I got no further response on my query with the customer service operator who basically ended the conversation with me.

294

I want to ask these customers who used the code x201dec14 (20% off) at cyber day. What is the amount you got after you use this code? I was told that it should be 80% of the price exclude duty and plus the full amount of the duty. However, I realized that it should be 80% of the amount include import duty. What is your result when you use the code? I feel that I was fooled.

295

I bought a pair of shoes, $375 on the website and $275 on the shoe box.  After asking them where this extra $100 came from, the first answer was "it's the shipping and taxes" but I had free shipping so it's not the shipping.  After a moment they realized there is no VAT between my country and the store, then they apologized. For them, the $100 is the import duty but they are not able to give me any details about it.  All the paper I received from DHL, the store, Farfetch shows only $275 and it says $0 on Sales Taxes. I did a simulation to make sure it was the right amount charged and of course, they charged me more.  In conclusion, there is nothing they can do for me.

296

I have only used farfetch once and I think it may be the first and last time. Their postage to the UK is extortionate. I was charged £18 to post a VERY light small silk shirt via standard postage! Once it finally arrived, it was damaged and missing a button. This was the only shirt they had in stock and I had been after this particular item in my size for quite some time so I asked them if it was possible to compensate me instead of returning the item so I could get it repaired elsewhere. I was offered a refund on my postage (which they were currently offering for free so no real compensation) and a replacement button. (which I still have not received despite attempting to chase this up) They have selectively addressed the points I have raised and ignored others. All in all, I think good customer service is imperative and due to this being so poor I have been put off shopping with them again.